<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="pdf_REST_configure_cluster" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Remove an inactive remote <ph
      conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server cluster member </title>
  <!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
  <!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
  <!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
  <shortdesc/>
  <!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
  <!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
  <refbody>
    <section><title>Purpose</title>Removes an inactive remote cluster member by using the <ph
        conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API POST method. <p>Use this
        command with caution. If you have a member that you no longer want to participate in the
        cluster, disable cluster membership  by setting <parmname>EnableClusterMembership</parmname>
        to <userinput>false</userinput> on that member. If  you have a cluster member that is
        inactive and  cannot be restarted, then other cluster members queue the messages and
        retained messages until that member becomes active. Eventually, this might lead to a
        performance degradation. In this case you might want  to permanently remove that member from
        the cluster by using this command. This command results in the member being permanently
        removed from the cluster. All messages that are queued to be sent to the inactive member are
        permanently deleted from the system. Outbound messages from the inactive member are also
        permanently deleted. For more information about disabling cluster membership, see <xref
          href="cmd_configure_cluster.dita"/>.</p></section>
    <section>
      <title>URI</title>
      <p>Use the <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API POST method with
        the following <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> configuration URI:</p>
      <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/service/remove/inactiveClusterMember</codeph></p>
    </section>
    <section><title>Object configuration data</title><p>Provide cluster member identification data
        in the payload of the POST method by using the following schema.
          <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to <userinput>application/json</userinput>: </p><codeblock>
    { 
        "ServerName": "string", 
        "ServerUID": "string"
    }</codeblock>Where:<dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>ServerName</dt>
          <dd>Specifies the name of the server</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl><dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>ServerUID</dt>
          <dd>Specifies the UID of the server.</dd>
          <dd>The <parmname>ServerUID</parmname> is a unique identifier that is assigned to a server
            when that server joins a cluster. If a server leaves and then re-joins a cluster, the
            server is assigned a new <parmname>ServerUID</parmname>. </dd>
          <dd>In an HA environment, the <parmname>ServerUID</parmname> identifies the current
            Primary. A Primary and Standby can have different server names, but both servers have
            the same <parmname>ServerUID</parmname>.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl></section>
    <section>
      <title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title>
      <ul>
        <li>Disabling cluster membership results in all messages that are being forwarded to or from
          this member to be permanently deleted.</li>
        <li>Capitalization and double quotation marks must be used as shown.</li>
        <li>You must specify both the <parmname>ServerName</parmname> and the
            <parmname>ServerUID</parmname>. </li>
        <li>You can query cluster members with a status of  <userinput>inactive</userinput> by using
            <xref href="../../Monitoring/admin00080.dita">cluster monitoring</xref>.</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Example</title>
      <p>The following example shows a POST method in cURL to remove an inactive remote cluster
        member:</p>
      <codeblock>
curl -X POST 
    -H  'Content-Type: application/json'  \
    -d '  { 
            "ServerName":"ServerA",
            "ServerUID":"mxxZxR6t" 
          }
       ' \
http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/service/remove/inactiveClusterMember</codeblock>
      <p>The following example shows an example of response to the POST method:</p>
      <codeblock>
    {          
        "Version": "v1",  
        "Code": "CWLNA6011",  
        "Message": "The requested configuration change has completed successfully."
    }</codeblock>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
