<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="pdf_REST_create_update_msghub" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Create or update a message hub</title>
  <shortdesc/>
<?Pub Caret -2?>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<indexterm>create MessageHub</indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Creates or updates a message hub. A message hub is an organizational object which groups endpoints, connection policies, and messaging policies that are associated with a specific goal.</section>
<section>
<title>URI</title>
<p>Use the <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API POST method with the
        following <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> configuration URI:</p>
<p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/</codeph></p>
</section>
<section><title>Object configuration data</title><p>Provide MessageHub object configuration data in the payload of the POST method by using the following schema. <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to <userinput>application/json</userinput>: </p><codeblock>
{    
   "MessageHub": {
     "&lt;NameOfMessageHub>": {
       "Description": "string"
     }
   }
}</codeblock>Where:<dl>
      <dlentry>
        <dt><varname>NameOfMessageHub</varname></dt>
        <dd>Required.</dd>
        <dd>Specifies the name of the message hub. </dd>
        <dd>The name must not have leading or trailing spaces and cannot contain control characters, commas, double quotation marks, backslashes, or equal signs. The first character must not be a number or any of the following special characters: <p><codeph>! # $ % &amp; ' ( ) * + - . / : ; &lt; > ? @</codeph></p></dd>
        <dd>After the message hub is created, you cannot change this name.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Description</dt>
        <dd>Optional.</dd>
        <dd>Specifies a description for the message hub.</dd>
        <dd>If you do not want a description, omit <codeph>"Description":"<i>description</i>"</codeph>.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      </dl></section>
    <section>
      <title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title>
      <ul>
        <li>Capitalization and double quotation marks must be used as shown.</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
<section>
<title>Related <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/></title>
<ul>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_create_update_conpol.dita" scope="local" type="reference"/></li>
        <li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_create_update_topicpol.dita" scope="local"
          type="reference"/></li>
        <li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_create_update_subscriptionpol.dita" scope="local"
          type="reference"/></li>
        <li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_create_update_queuepol.dita" scope="local"
          type="reference"/></li>
        <li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_create_update_endpoint.dita" scope="local"
          type="reference"/></li>
        <li><xref format="dita" href="../cmd_show_config.dita" scope="local" type="reference"/></li>
        <li><xref format="dita" href="../cmd_delete_config.dita" scope="local" type="reference"
          /></li>
</ul>
</section>
<section><title>Example</title>Creates a message hub called <codeph>MyHub</codeph> by using cURL:<codeblock>
curl -X POST \
   -H 'Content-Type: application/json'  \
   -d  '{  
            "MessageHub":  { 
              "MyHub":  {
                 "Description": "Message Hub to service demo clients."
               }
           }   
       }    
    '  \
http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/configuration/</codeblock><p>An example response to the POST method:<codeblock>
{        
  "Version": "v1",
  "Code": "CWLNA6011",
  "Message": "The requested configuration change has completed successfully."
}
</codeblock></p></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224029 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000003261?>
