<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="cmd_imaserver_show_msgpol" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> show
MessagingPolicy</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>imaserver show MessagingPolicy</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>show MessagingPolicy</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Shows the configuration details of
a specified messaging policy.</section>
<section><title>Syntax</title><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>show
MessagingPolicy "Name=</cmdname><varname>policyName</varname><cmdname>"</cmdname></section>
<section><title>Parameters</title><dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>policyName</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the messaging policy that you want to view
the configuration details of.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
<section><title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title><ul>
<li>The command must be capitalized as shown.</li>
<li>The command must use the double quotation marks as shown.</li>
<li>Use the <cmdname>imaserver list MessagingPolicy</cmdname> command
to view a list of all the messaging policies on <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.</li>
<li>The <codeph>PendingAction</codeph> value indicates whether the
messaging policy is pending deletion. If you delete a messaging policy,
but the messaging policy cannot be deleted because it is in use by
one or more subscribers or publishers, the value of <codeph>PendingAction</codeph> is <codeph>Delete</codeph>.
 When no subscribers or publishers are using the messaging policy,
it will then be automatically deleted.</li>
    <li>The <codeph>UseCount</codeph> value is the number of subscribers and producers currently
     using the messaging policy. The <codeph>UseCount</codeph> value corresponds to the actual
     number of objects on the server that are using a messaging policy. You can use this information
     to help you to determine whether the messaging policy can be removed. Existing server
     optimizations mean that the server might not create objects for every publishing request - in
     some cases the server might remove objects when new requests come in. As a result, there is not
     a direct correlation between the <codeph>UseCount</codeph> value and the total number of
     combined subscriptions and publishing requests. </li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Related Commands</title><ul>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_imaserver_list_msgpol.dita"
scope="local" type="reference"></xref></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_imaserver_create_msgpol.dita"
scope="local" type="reference"></xref></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_imaserver_update_msgpol.dita"
scope="local" type="reference"></xref></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_imaserver_delete_msgpol.dita"
scope="local" type="reference"></xref></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_imaserver_show_conpol.dita"
scope="local" type="reference"></xref></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_imaserver_show_epoint.dita"
scope="local" type="reference"></xref></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_imaserver_show_msghub.dita"
scope="local" type="reference"></xref></li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Example</title>Shows the details of the messaging
policy <codeph>exampleMsgPolicy</codeph>:<codeblock><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> imaserver show MessagingPolicy "Name=exampleMsgPolicy"
Name = exampleMsgPolicy
Description = Example messaging policy
ClientID =
ClientAddress =
UserID =
GroupID =
CommonNames =
Protocol = MQTT
Destination = *
DestinationType = Topic
ActionList = Publish,Subscribe
MaxMessages = 5000
MaxMessagesBehavior = RejectNewMessages
MaxMessageTimeToLive = 60
DisconnectedClientNotification = False
PendingAction = 
UseCount = 10
<ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></codeblock></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224030 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000003662?>
