<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="cmd_imaserver_set_snmpagentaddress" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> set
SNMPAgentAddress</title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>imaserver set SNMPAgentAddress</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>set SNMPAgentAddress</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Specifies the SNMP agent IP address
or addresses.</section>
<section><title>Syntax</title><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>set
"SNMPAgentAddress=all|</cmdname><varname>IPAddress</varname>"</section>
<section><title>Parameters</title><dl><dlentry>
<dt>all|<varname>IPAddress</varname></dt><?Pub Caret -2?>
<dd>Specifies the host IP address or addresses that are configured
for the SNMP agent to listen on. </dd>
<dd>The value must be either <codeph>all</codeph> or at least one
host IP address.</dd>
<dd>The default value is <codeph>all</codeph> and means that the SNMP
agent binds to all available addresses on the appliance. </dd>
<dd>You can specify multiple IP addresses in a comma-separated list. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
<section><title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title><ul>
<li>The command must be capitalized as shown.</li>
<li>The command must use the double quotation marks as shown.</li>
<li>You must specify <codeph>all</codeph> if all of your Ethernet
interfaces are using dynamic IP addresses only. </li>
<li>Ensure that the IP address, or addresses, that you specify are
valid and available Ethernet interface addresses so that the SNMP
agent can start. </li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Related Commands</title><ul>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_imaserver_get_snmpagentaddress.dita"
scope="local" type="reference"></xref></li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Example</title>Specifies the SNMP agent address:<codeblock><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> 
imaserver set "SNMPAgentAddress=192.168.56.30"
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
<ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></codeblock></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224036 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000002489?>
