<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="br00022.dita" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Monitoring</title>
<shortdesc>The current state of the Bridge can be monitored by using the GET /admin/forwarder REST
API. </shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>The API returns the state and statistics for a single forwarder or for a selection of
forwarders.</p>
<p>If you use the <codeph>/admin/forwarder</codeph> API, then the state of all forwarders is returned. </p><p>If you use 
<codeph>/admin/forwarder/name</codeph>, then the state of the named forwarder is used. </p><p>If the name contains an
asterisk, then the state of all matching forwarders is returned.</p>
<p>The following status values can be used:</p><ul>
<li><userinput>Config</userinput>: there was no attempt to start the forwarder.</li>
<li><userinput>Wait</userinput>: the forwarder is waiting for a reconnect.</li>
<li><userinput>Opening</userinput>: the forwarder is in the process of opening
connections.</li>
<li><userinput>Active</userinput>: the forwarder is actively receiving and sending
messages.</li>
<li><userinput>Failed</userinput>: the connection is not restarted until a configuration
change is made.</li>
</ul>
<p>For example, run the following command and replace the status value as required:
<codeblock>
{ 
"m2w": {
    "Status": "Active",
    "Enabled": 1,
    "Source": "MyServer",
    "Destination": "WIoTP",
    "SourceBytes": 115944,
    "SourceMsgs": 614,
    "DestBytes": 125768,
    "DestMsgs": 614
}
}
</codeblock>
</p>
<p>If the Bridge is not able to connect successfully, it provides a human-readable reason string and
a reason code (<codeph>SourceRC</codeph> or <codeph>Destruct</codeph>, or both). The reason code
corresponds to a message from the product. For example, <codeph>destRC=92</codeph> corresponds to
message ID <codeph>CWLNA0092</codeph>. Search the documentation for the message ID for more
information.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
