<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_wgy_kcw_sfb" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring the log file rotation</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>Log and trace files can become large in size. The logrotate service is used by the Bridge
deployment to store the most recent information and to ensure that the files are maintained at a reasonable size. </shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<taskbody>
<context>
<p>Default log and trace files are preconfigured for logrotate. However, if you want to use different trace or log file path names or if have new
settings, you can change the logrotate configuration. 
</p><p>You can also change the logrotate parameters for each file.</p>
</context>
<steps>
<step>
<cmd>To change the logrotate configuration, edit
<filepath>/etc/logrotate.d/imabridge</filepath> as root or by using <cmdname>sudo</cmdname>. Both the default log and
trace files are listed in the configuration file.  If either file name path needs to change, then update the corresponding full path name.</cmd>
</step><step>
<cmd>You can modify any of the following the logrotate parameters for each file: </cmd>
<info>
<ul>
<li><parmname>size</parmname>. Log files are rotated only if they grow bigger than the specified
size bytes. If size is followed by a 'k', the size is assumed to be in kilobytes. If the value 'M'
is used, the size is in megabytes, and if 'G' is used, the size is in gigabytes. For example, size
100, size 100k, size 100M and size 100G are all valid values.</li>
<li><parmname>rotate count</parmname>. Log files are rotated the specified number of times before
being removed or mailed to the address that is specified in a mail directive. If the count is set to
0, old versions are removed rather than rotated.</li>
<li><parmname>compress</parmname>. Old versions of log files are compressed with
<filepath>gzip</filepath> by default.</li>
<li><parmname>notifempty</parmname>. The log is not rotated if it is empty.</li>
<li><parmname>missingok</parmname>. If the log file is missing, the next log file is used and no
error message is issued. </li>
<li><parmname>copytruncate</parmname>. Truncates the original log file that is in place after
creating a copy, rather than moving the old log file and optionally creating a new one. Use this
parameter when a program cannot close its logfile and might continue writing to the previous log
file. <note>There is a small time slice between copying the file and truncating it, so some logging
data might be lost. When this option is used, the create option has no effect because the old log
file stays in place.</note>
</li>
</ul>
<p>For more information, see the logrotate section of the Linux manual page.</p>
</info>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
