<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_gl5_wk1_tfb" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Using environment variables to configure the administration endpoint</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
    <shortdesc>IBM provides a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/prodname_docker_short"/> environment file, which can be configured to activate the administration (admin) endpoint.</shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
    <taskbody><prereq>
        <p>The Bridge can run in <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/prodname_docker_short"/> containers or in the native host OS. The setting is different depending on the deployment environments.</p>
        <p>In the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/prodname_docker_short"/>  container, the <filepath>.tz</filepath> package from IBM provides a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/prodname_docker_short"/>  environment file. </p><p>Before you begin, extract the <filepath>.tz</filepath> package.</p>
    </prereq>
<context>
<p>The <filepath>imabridge-docker.env</filepath> file contains the following content:
    <codeblock>
IMABRIDGE_ADMINPORT=9082
IMABRIDGE_ADMINIFACE=localhost
IMABRIDGE_ADMINSECURE=true
IMABRIDGE_ADMINUSER=adminUser
IMABRIDGE_ADMINPW=adminPassword
IMABRIDGE_ENABLEABOUT=true
IMABRIDGE_AUTHENTICATION=basic
</codeblock></p><p>The Bridge is deployed in a native OS as the service EclipseAmlenBridge. The service needs the same variables as those in the preceding <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/prodname_docker_short"/>. The environment
variables are set in the <filepath>Systemd</filepath> configuration file.</p>
<table id="datasimpletable_r2l_1mn_qfb">
<title>A connection object defines the following properties that are required to
connect to an MQTT server.</title>
<tgroup cols="3">
<thead>
<row>
<entry>Parameter</entry>
<entry>Default value</entry>
<entry>Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>IMABRIDGE_ADMINPORT</entry>
<entry>9082
</entry>
<entry>The mandatory admin port number, ranging from 1 to 65535. </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>IMABRIDGE_ADMINIFACE</entry>
<entry>localhost
</entry>
<entry>The optional administrative interface.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>IMABRIDGE_ADMINSECURE</entry>
<entry>true
</entry>
<entry>The optional TLS switch, which is set to true by default (meaning TLS is enabled). If
IMABRIDGE_ADMINSECURE is true, you must provide further TLS-related information, which is
explained in the Using the Bridge configuration topic.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>IMABRIDGE_ADMINUSER</entry>
<entry>adminUser
</entry>
<entry>The optional admin user ID.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>IMABRIDGE_ADMINPW</entry>
<entry>adminPassword
</entry>
<entry>The optional password for IMABRIDGE_ADMINUSER. The password can be either plain text or obfuscated by using a uni-directional hash. </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>IMABRIDGE_ENABLEABOUT</entry>
<entry>true</entry>
<entry>The simple HTTP server is enabled showing the About page. IMABRIDGE_AUTHENTICATION is set to basic. If the
username is not specified, an HTTP status of 401 is returned. </entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</context>
<steps>
<step>
<cmd>The <filepath>imabridge-docker.env</filepath> file can be modified to meet your
requirements. To use the environment file, run the following command: </cmd>
<info>
<codeblock>docker run --net=host -P -it --name BRIDGE -m &lt;memory_size> 
-v &lt;data_volume> --env-file imabridge-docker.env  -d imabridge:5.0.0.0
</codeblock>
</info>
</step><step><cmd>Before you start the EclipseAmlenBridge service, open and edit the
<filepath>/etc/systemd/system.conf</filepath> file. Update the
<parmname>DefaultEnvironment</parmname> parameter with the following
values:<codeph>DefaultEnvironment="IMABRIDGE_ADMINPORT=9082"  "IMABRIDGE_ADMINIFACE=localhost"
"IMABRIDGE_ADMINSECURE=true" "IMABRIDGE_ADMINUSER=adminUser"  "IMABRIDGE_ADMINPW=adminPassword"
"IMABRIDGE_ENABLEABOUT=true"  "IMABRIDGE_AUTHENTICATION=basic"</codeph> where all the variables are
the same as those in the preceding Docker, but with a different format.</cmd></step><step><cmd>Save and close the the <filepath>/etc/systemd/system.conf</filepath> file. </cmd></step><step><cmd>Either reboot the server or run the following command to activate the new environment variables: <codeph>systemctl
daemon-reexec</codeph>.</cmd></step><step><cmd>Start the EclipseAmlenBridge service by running the <cmdname>systemctl</cmdname> command.</cmd></step></steps></taskbody>
</task>
