<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_ojl_ccc_tfb" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Updating the Bridge configuration</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>The Bridge runs as a service, however you can run it directly to dynamically update the Bridge configuration.</shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<taskbody>
<context>
<p>You can use the <cmdname>imabridge</cmdname> command to update the configuration while the installed Bridge process is running so that the updates are applied immediately.</p><p>It is also possible to edit or replace the dynamic configuration file. If this file is modified in the
file system while the Bridge is running, the configuration will be reprocessed. <note>In this case, if
there is an error, some of the changes are applied and others are not. Removing an item from
the dynamic configuration file does not remove it from configuration because the new configuration only modifies the existing configuration.</note></p><p>The dynamic configuration can also be modified by using the REST API  POST <codeph>/admin/config</codeph> method.</p></context><steps><step>
<cmd>Create a configuration file that contains the updates that you want to apply. For example, create a file called <filepath>changes.cfg</filepath>.</cmd>
    </step>
<step>
    <cmd>To add modifications to the dynamic configuration file, run the following command: <codeph>sudo /opt/ibm/imabridge/imabridge -u <varname>path</varname>/changes.cfg</codeph>and replace the <varname>path</varname> variable with the directory in which the configuration file is stored.</cmd>
    <info>The <cmdname>imabridge</cmdname> command is combined with the <codeph>-u</codeph> option and followed by the configuration file that contains the updates. If there are no errors, the existing dynamic
        configuration file is updated.</info></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
