<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="br00011" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title>Installing the Bridge by using <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/prodname_docker_short"/> containers</title>
    <shortdesc>Before you build and deploy the <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/prodname_docker_short"/> images that you need to run <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM_bridge"/>, you must provision your operating
    system and install <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/prodname_docker_short"/>. </shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq><ol><li>Complete the instructions to <xref href="../QuickStartGuide/qs00030_.html" format="html"
scope="peer"> provision your operating system</xref> .</li>
        <li>Complete the instructions to <xref href="../QuickStartGuide/qs00040_.html" format="html"
scope="peer">install Docker on your operating system</xref>.</li></ol>
    </prereq><context>
    <p>The installation involves modifying the <filepath>imabridge-docker.env</filepath> file, which contains the following content:
            <codeblock>
                IMABRIDGE_ADMINPORT=9082
                IMABRIDGE_ADMINIFACE=localhost
                IMABRIDGE_ADMINSECURE=true
                IMABRIDGE_ADMINUSER=adminUser
                IMABRIDGE_ADMINPW=adminPassword
                IMABRIDGE_ENABLEABOUT=true
                IMABRIDGE_AUTHENTICATION=basic
            </codeblock></p>
                    <table id="datasimpletable_r2l_1mn_qfb">
                    <title>A connection object defines the following properties that are required to
                        connect to an MQTT server.</title>
                    <tgroup cols="3">
                        <thead>
                            <row>
                            <entry>Parameter</entry>
                            <entry>Default value</entry>
                            <entry>Description</entry>
                            </row>
                        </thead>
                        <tbody>
                        <row>
                            <entry>IMABRIDGE_ADMINPORT</entry>
                            <entry>9082
                            </entry>
                            <entry>The mandatory admin port number, ranging from 1 to 65535. </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>IMABRIDGE_ADMINIFACE</entry>
                            <entry>localhost
                            </entry>
                            <entry>The optional administrative interface.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>IMABRIDGE_ADMINSECURE</entry>
                            <entry>true
                            </entry>
                            <entry>The optional TLS switch, which is set to true by default (meaning TLS is enabled). If
                                IMABRIDGE_ADMINSECURE is true, you must provide further TLS-related information, which is
                                explained in the Using the Bridge configuration topic.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>IMABRIDGE_ADMINUSER</entry>
                            <entry>adminUser
                            </entry>
                            <entry>The optional admin user ID.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>IMABRIDGE_ADMINPW</entry>
                            <entry>adminPassword
                            </entry>
                            <entry>The optional password for IMABRIDGE_ADMINUSER. The password can be either plain text or obfuscated by using a uni-directional hash. </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>IMABRIDGE_ENABLEABOUT</entry>
                            <entry>true</entry>
                            <entry>The simple HTTP server is enabled showing the About page. IMABRIDGE_AUTHENTICATION is set to basic. If the
                                username is not specified, an HTTP status of 401 is returned. </entry>
                        </row>
                        </tbody>
                    </tgroup>
                </table>
    </context>

<steps>
<step>
<cmd>Installing the Bridge</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep>
<cmd>Copy <filepath>EclipseAmlenBridge-&lt;build_info>.tz</filepath> to the OS on which you
are installing the Bridge.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Create a subdirectory in which you can unpack the .tz file. For example, create a subdirectory called
<filepath>imabridge</filepath>.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Unpack the contents of the <filepath>EclipseAmlenBridge-&lt;build_info>.tz</filepath>
file into the <filepath>imabridge</filepath> subdirectory.</cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step>
    <cmd>Building and running the Bridge <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/prodname_docker_short"/> image</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep>
<cmd>In the <filepath>imabridge</filepath> subdirectory, link the
<filepath>EclipseAmlenBridge-&lt;build_info>.rpm</filepath> file to
<filepath>imabridge.rpm</filepath> by entering the following command: 
<codeph>ln -s EclipseAmlenBridge-<varname>build_info</varname>.rpm imabridge.rpm</codeph></cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>The following commands are issued as a user with sudo access or a root.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
    <cmd>If your host OS is <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/os_rhel_long"/>, you need to modify the Dockerfile. Change "FROM centos:latest" to
"FROM rhel:latest".</cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
    <cmd>Build the <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/prodname_docker_short"/> image by entering the following command: <codeph>sudo docker build
--force-rm=true -t imabridge:5.0.0.0 .</codeph></cmd>
<stepresult>
<note>Ensure that you include the period at the end of the command.</note>
    <p>This command builds the <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/prodname_docker_short"/> container by using the Dockerfile, installs the imabridge.rpm,
applies additional RPMs to the container, and updates any existing RPMs in the container. Successful
completion of the command is indicated by output that is similar to the following line:
<codeph>Successfully built 217669ee8a82</codeph></p>
</stepresult>
</substep>
<substep>
    <cmd>Confirm that the <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/prodname_docker_short"/> image is built successfully by entering the following command:
<codeph>docker images</codeph></cmd>
<stepresult>
<p>Check the output is similar to the following line: <codeph>imabridge 5.0.0.0 217669ee8a82 38
seconds ago 569MB</codeph></p>
</stepresult>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Optional. Create a .tar file of the image so that you can deploy the Bridge on other hosts by
entering the following command: <codeph>sudo docker save -o ./imabridge-dockerimage.tar
imabridge:5.0.0.0</codeph></cmd>
</substep><substep><cmd>Edit the file <filepath>imabridge-docker.env</filepath> to set the username, password and interface for the REST admin endpoint. Note: If you want to create the admin endpoint later, then use a blank file.</cmd></substep>
    <substep>
<cmd>Create the container by using the following command: <codeph>docker run --net=host -P -it
--name BRIDGE -m &lt;memory_size> -v &lt;data_volume_on_host>:/var/imabridge --env-file
imabridge-docker.env -d imabridge:5.0.0.0 </codeph></cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Verify that the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> messaging bridge container
is running by entering the following command: <codeph>sudo docker ps</codeph>.</cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
