<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_mpw_s2b_tfb" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Using the Bridge configuration file to configure the administration endpoint</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>You can update the Bridge configuration by using the <cmdname>imabridge</cmdname> command. In the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/prodname_docker_short"/> environment, the command is run from within the container. </shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<taskbody>
    <context><p><note>If you are running in a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/prodname_docker_short"/> container and you created an admin endpoint during the creation of the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/prodname_docker_short"/> container, this task is not required.
    </note></p><p>
More than one administrative endpoint can be configured. For example, you might want one
administrative endpoint to be available to both the localhost environment and to the private
network.</p><p>Instead of using a command, you can also update the dynamic configuration file <filepath>/var/imabridge/bridge.cfg</filepath>
directly by editing the file or by copying to the file. Updating the dynamic configuration file also
changes the configuration of the running bridge. However, if there are any errors in the new
configuration, it might not be possible for the Bridge to restart.</p>
<p>For a description of endpoint object properties, see <xref href="br00010.dita" format="dita"
scope="local">Configuring the Bridge.</xref></p>
</context><steps>
<step>
<cmd>Create a temporary configuration file, for example <filepath>new.cfg</filepath>. Or you can
modify the sample configuration file that is available at
<filepath>/opt/ibm/imabridge/sample-config/admin_default.cfg</filepath>. The contents of the
configuration file must match the following format: </cmd>
<info>
<codeblock>
{
    "Endpoint": {
        "admin": {
            "Port": 9082,
            "Interface": "*",
            "Secure": true,
            "Protocol": "Admin",
            "Method": "TLSv1.2",
            "Certificate": "imabridge_default_cert.pem",
            "Key": "imabridge_default_key.pem",
            "KeyPassword": "",
            "EnableAbout": true,
            "Authentication": "basic"
        }
    },
    "User": {
        "admin": { "Password": "admin" }
    }
}
</codeblock>
<note>If the new configuration file is correct, the configuration of the running bridge is updated
successfully. If there are any errors in the new configuration file, error messages are
generated.</note>
</info></step>
    <step>
        <cmd>Run the following command: <codeph>sudo /opt/ibm/imabridge/bin/imabridge -u <varname>path</varname>/new.cfg</codeph> and replace the <varname>path</varname> variable with the directory in which the configuration file is stored.</cmd></step><step>
<cmd>If TLS is enabled, you must supply private key and server certificate files in the<filepath>
/var/imabridge/keystore</filepath> directory. If self-signed certificates are used, you must generate the
certificates with the appropriate tools such as openssl. </cmd></step></steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
