<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="br00006.dita" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Topic mapping</title>
<shortdesc>It is common for the topic space on the source and destination to be different. The topic
mapping string allows for the source topic to be mapped to the destination topic. </shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>A replacement variable is of the form <codeph>${varname}</codeph>. Any characters except
replacement variables are copied to the destination topic. Where the replacement variable exists its
value is copied into the destination topic. </p>
<p>Parts of the topic are delimited by a slash (/) and the portion of the topic before the first
slash is part 0. Replacement variables of the form <codeph>${Topic#}</codeph> where
<codeph>#</codeph> is a number between 0 and 99 mean that the part of the topic that follows the
specified number of slashes, and up to the next slash is copied to the destination topic string. If
the name that is followed by an asterisk, for example, <codeph>${Topic3*}</codeph> the value that is
copied to the destination is the rest of the topic starting with the specified part.</p>
<p>Example:<codeblock>Topic = iot-2/type/washer/id/123ABC567/evt/ThisEvent/fmt/json
TopicMap = wiotp/event/${Topic2}/${Topic4}/${Topic6}
Result = witop/event/washer/123ABCC567/ThisEvent
</codeblock><codeblock>TopicMap = wiotp/event/%{Topic2*}
Result = wiotp/event/washer/id/123ABC567/evt/ThisEvent/fmt/json
</codeblock></p>
<p>A KeyMap uses the same syntax, but is used to form the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/prodname_ies4ic_short"/> key. The key can be a simple
string or can be JSON. It is best to use the JSON format replacement variables when creating JSON as
this gives support for correctly quoting and escaping values. If JSON is directly encoded, it is
necessary to escape several characters including quote marks.</p>
<p>Example:<codeblock>Topic = "iot-2/type/washer/id/123ABC567/evt/ThisEvent/fmt/json",
KeyMap = {${JSON:type:Topic2},${JSON:id:Topic4},${JSON:event:Topic6},${JSON:time:TimeISO}} 
Result = {“type”:”washer”,”id”:”123ABC567”,”event”:”ThisEvent”,”time”: 
          ”2018-11-01T11:00:22.123Z”}
</codeblock></p>
</conbody>
</concept>
