<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="cmd_create_update_tcert" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Create or update a trusted certificate</title>
  <titlealts>
    <searchtitle>create or update trusted certificate</searchtitle>
  </titlealts>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc/>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<refbody>
<section>
      <title>Purpose</title>
      <p>Creates or updates a trusted certificate's security profile by applying the trusted certificate to <ph
        conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
        />. A certificate profile is used by a security profile to define the server certificate that is used to control Transport Layer Security (TLS).</p>
    </section>
<section>
<title>URI</title>
<p>Use the <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API POST method with the
        following <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> configuration URI:</p>
<p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/</codeph></p>
</section>
<section><title>Object configuration data</title><p>Provide TrustedCertificate object configuration data in the payload of the POST method by using the following schema. <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to <userinput>application/json</userinput>: </p><codeblock>
{ "TrustedCertificate": [     
     { "TrustedCertificate":"&lt;NameOfTrustedCertificate>",
      "SecurityProfileName": "string",      
      "Overwrite": true|false
     }
  ]
}</codeblock>Where:<dl>
      <dlentry>
        <dt><varname>NameOfTrustedCertificate</varname></dt>
        <dd>Required.</dd>
        <dd>Specifies a name for the trusted certificate.</dd>
        <dd>The name can be a maximum of 255 alphanumeric characters. </dd>
        <dd>The name must not have leading or trailing spaces and cannot contain control characters, commas, double quotation marks, backslashes, or equal signs. The first character must not be a number. </dd>
        <dd>After the profile is created, this name cannot be changed.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>SecurityProfileName</dt>
        <dd>Required if you are creating a trusted certificate.</dd>
        <dd>Specifies the name of the security profile that the trusted certificate is associated with.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Overwrite: true|false</dt>
        <dd>Specifies whether an existing certificate is overwritten if it has the same name.</dd>
        <dd>The default value is false which means that an existing certificate is not overwritten if it has the same name.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      </dl></section>
    <section>
      <title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title>
      <ul>
        <li>You must copy the certificate to the server before you can apply it. <xref format="dita"
          href="../cmd_REST_file_put.dita" scope="local" type="reference"
          /> to copy the certificate.</li>
        <li>The certificate must be a pem format certificate.</li>
        <li>You can upload a maximum of 100 trusted client certificates for every security profile.</li>
        <li>Capitalization and double quotation marks must be used as shown.</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
<section>
<title>Related <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/></title>
<ul>
<li><xref format="dita" href="../cmd_REST_file_put.dita" scope="local" type="reference"/></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_create_update_cprofile.dita" scope="local" type="reference"/></li>
        <li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_create_update_sprofile.dita" scope="local"
          type="reference"/></li>
        <li><xref format="dita" href="../cmd_show_config.dita" scope="local" type="reference"/></li>
        <li><xref format="dita" href="../cmd_delete_config.dita" scope="local" type="reference"
          /></li>
</ul>
</section>
<section><title>Example</title>Creates a trusted certificate called "MyTrustedCertificate" by using cURL:<codeblock>
curl -X POST \
   -H 'Content-Type: application/json'  \
   -d  '{"TrustedCertificate": [{   
         "SecurityProfileName": "exampleSecProfile",
         "TrustedCertificate": "MyTrustedCertificate",
         "Overwrite": true          
        }]}
      '  \
http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/configuration/</codeblock><p>An example response to the POST method:<codeblock>
{        
  "Version": "v1",
  "Code": "CWLNA6011",
  "Message": "The requested configuration change has completed successfully."
}
</codeblock></p></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
