<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="cmd_create_update_sprofile" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Create or update a security profile</title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>create or update security profile</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc/>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Creates or updates a security profile. A security profile is used by an endpoint to define Transport Layer Security (TLS) and the authentication method for that endpoint. </section>
<section>
<title>URI</title>
<p>Use the <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> REST API POST method with the following <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> configuration URI:</p>
<p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/</codeph></p>
</section>
<section><title>Object configuration data</title><p>Provide SecurityProfile object configuration
data in the payload of the POST method by using the following schema.
<parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to <userinput>application/json</userinput>: </p><codeblock>
{   
  "SecurityProfile": {
    "&lt;NameOfSecurityProfile>": {
      "TLSEnabled": true|false,
      "MinimumProtocolMethod": "string",
      "UseClientCertificate": true|false,
      "UsePasswordAuthentication": true|false,
      "AllowNullPassword": true|false,
      "Ciphers": "string",
      "CertificateProfile": "string",
      "UseClientCipher": true|false,
      "LTPAProfile": "string",
      "OAuthProfile": "string"
     }
   }
}
</codeblock>Where:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt><varname>NameOfSecurityProfile</varname></dt>
<dd>Required.</dd>
<dd>Specifies a name for the certificate profile.</dd>
<dd>The maximum length of the name is 32 alphanumeric characters. The first character must not be a
number.</dd>
<dd>After the profile is created, this name cannot be changed.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>TLSEnabled: true|false</dt>
<dd>Specifies whether to use (true) or not use (false) TLS on the endpoints that use the security
profile.</dd>
<dd>The default value is true.</dd>
<dd>If <parmname>TLSEnabled</parmname> is true, you must first create a certificate profile to use
with this security profile.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>MinimumProtocolMethod</dt>
<dd>Specifies the lowest level of protocol that is allowed when a client connects to <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/>.</dd>
<dd>The value can be one of the following values:<ul>
<li>TLSv1</li>
<li>TLSv1.1</li>
<li>TLSv1.2</li>
</ul>The default value is TLSv1.2</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>UseClientCertificate: true|false</dt>
<dd>Specifies whether to use (true) or not use (false) client certificate authentication.</dd>
<dd>The default value is false.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>UsePasswordAuthentication: true|false</dt>
<dd>Specifies whether to authenticate the user ID and password (true) or not (false).</dd>
<dd>The default value is true.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>AllowNullPassword: true|false</dt>
<dd>Specifies whether authentication of a NULL or empty password is allowed (true) or not
(false).</dd>
<dd>If you specify this option, UsePasswordAuthentication must be set to true.</dd>
<dd>The default value is false.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Ciphers</dt>
<dd>Specifies the encryption algorithm that is used by the security policy.</dd>
<dd>The value can be one of the following values:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Best</dt>
<dd>The most secure cipher that is supported by the server and the client.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Medium</dt>
<dd>The fastest high security cipher that is supported by the server and the client.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Fast</dt>
<dd>The fastest medium or high security cipher that is supported by server and the client.</dd>
<dd>The default value is Fast.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>The default value is Medium.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>CertificateProfile</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the certificate profile to use with this security profile. The certificate
profile must exist and is required when <parmname>TLSEnabled</parmname> is true.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>UseClientCipher: true|false</dt>
<dd>Specifies whether to use (true) or not use (false) the cipher setting of the client when it
connects to <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/>.</dd>
<dd>The default value is false.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>LTPAProfile</dt>
<dd>Specifies the LTPA profile to use with this security profile. The LTPA profile must exist.</dd>
<dd>If you specify this option, <parmname>UsePasswordAuthentication</parmname> must be set to true.
If you omit the <parmname>UsePasswordAuthentication</parmname> parameter from the command, it is
automatically set to true.</dd>
<dd>If you specify an LTPA profile, you cannot specify an OAuth profile in the same security
profile.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>OAuthProfile</dt>
<dd>Specifies the OAuth profile to use with this security profile. The OAuth profile must
exist.</dd>
<dd>If you specify this option, <parmname>UsePasswordAuthentication</parmname> must be set to true.
If you omit the <parmname>UsePasswordAuthentication</parmname> parameter from the command, it is
automatically set to true.</dd>
<dd>If you specify an OAuth profile, you cannot specify an LTPA profile in the same security
profile.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl></section>
<section>
<title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title>
<ul>
<li>Capitalization and double quotation marks must be used as shown.</li>
</ul>
</section>
<section>
<title>Related <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/></title>
<ul>
<li><xref format="dita" href="../cmd_REST_file_put.dita" scope="local" type="reference"/></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_create_update_cprofile.dita" scope="local" type="reference"/></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="../cmd_show_config.dita" scope="local" type="reference"/></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="../cmd_delete_config.dita" scope="local" type="reference"/></li>
</ul>
</section>
<section><title>Example</title>The following example fails to create a security profile as no
      certificate profile is provided when TLS is
        enabled:<codeblock>
curl -X POST \
   -H 'Content-Type: application/json'  \
   -d '{
          "SecurityProfile": {
            "KCSecProfile": {
          }
         }
        }
      ' \
http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/configuration/
                            
</codeblock><p>An
        example response to the POST
        method:<codeblock>
{        
  "Version": "v1",
  "Code": "CWLNA0186",
  "Message": "The certificate profile must be set if TLSEnabled is true."
}
</codeblock></p>The
      following example creates a security profile without providing a certificate profile by
      setting TLSEnabled to
        false:<codeblock>
curl -X POST \
   -H 'Content-Type: application/json'  \
   -d '{
          "SecurityProfile": {
            "KCSecProfile": {
              "TLSEnabled":false
          }
         }
        }
      ' \
http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/configuration/
                            
</codeblock><p>An
        example response to the POST
        method:<codeblock>
{        
  "Version": "v1",
  "Code": "CWLNA6011",
  "Message": "The requested configuration change has completed successfully."
}
</codeblock></p></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
