<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="cmd_imaserver_test_ldap" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>imaserver test LDAP</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title><p>Tests the connection to the LDAP
server. </p></section>
<section><title>Syntax</title><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>test
LDAP [ "URL=</cmdname><varname>url</varname><cmdname>" ]</cmdname><cmdname> [
"Certificate=</cmdname><varname>certName</varname><cmdname>" ]</cmdname><cmdname> [
"BindDN=</cmdname><varname>bindDNName</varname><cmdname>" ]</cmdname><cmdname>[
"BindPassword=</cmdname><varname>password</varname><cmdname>" ]</cmdname></section>
<section><title>Parameters</title><dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>url</varname></dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the URL of the LDAP server.</dd>
<dd>The URL must be of the form: ldap:<filepath>//ipAddress:portNumber</filepath> or
ldaps:<filepath>//ipAddress:portNumber</filepath></dd>
<dd>If you use ldaps://, then you must upload an LDAP certificate
before you create the LDAP connection.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>certName</varname></dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the name of the LDAP certificate.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>bindDNName</varname></dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the distinguished name to use when you bind to LDAP.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>password</varname></dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the password to use when you bind to LDAP.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
<section><title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title><ul>
<li>The command must be capitalized as shown.</li>
<li>The command must use the double quotation marks as shown.</li>
<li>If an LDAP configuration exists, enter the command with no parameters
to test the existing LDAP connection. Enter the command with a new
LDAP server <parmname>URL</parmname> or a new <parmname>BindPassword</parmname> to
test an updated configuration. </li>
<li>If no LDAP configuration exists, enter the command with the LDAP
server <parmname>URL</parmname>, and optionally the <parmname>BindDN</parmname> and <parmname>BindPassword</parmname> parameters.</li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Related Commands</title><ul>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_create_update_LDAP.dita" scope="local" type="reference"/></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_imaserver_show_LDAP.dita" scope="local"
type="reference"><ph>imaserver</ph> show LDAP</xref></li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Example</title>Tests an LDAP server connection:<codeblock><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> imaserver test LDAP "URL=ldap://192.0.2.0:1000"
"Certificate=testLDAP.pem" "BindDN=cn=root"  "BindPassword=password"
Test connection succeeded.
<ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></codeblock></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224028 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000003308?>
