<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="cmd_imaserver_close_connection" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Close a client connection</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>close Connection</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>close Connection</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Closes a client connection.</section>
<section>
      <title>URI</title>
<p>Use the <ph conref = "../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API POST method with the following service URI:</p>
      <codeblock>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/service/close/connection</codeblock>
    </section>
<section><title>Object configuration data</title><p>Provide object configuration data in the payload
        of the POST method by using the following schema. Content-type is set to application/json: </p><codeblock>
{ 
  "ClientID":"string", 
    "ClientAddress":"string",
    "UserID":"string" 
}</codeblock>Where:<dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><varname>ClientID</varname></dt>
          <dd>Specifies the client ID of the connection, or connections, that you want to
            close.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><varname>ClientAddress</varname></dt>
          <dd>Specifies the IP address of the connection, or connections, that you want to
            close.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><varname>UserID</varname></dt>
          <dd>Specifies the user ID of the connection, or connections, that you want to close.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl></section>
<section>    <title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg"
trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title>    <ul>
<li>You must specify at least one of the object configuration data parameters.</li>
        <li>You can specify more than one value by using a comma separated list.</li>
<li>You can use wildcard characters.</li>
<li>If the parameter specified applies to more than one client connection,
all applicable client      connections are closed.</li>
<li>Do not use this REST API unless you are certain that the connection needs to be closed.
          Unnecessarily closing connections can affect performance.</li>
</ul>   </section>
<section>
      <title>Example</title>
      <p>Close all connections with with Client ID <codeph>Client38104</codeph> or Client ID
          <codeph>Client38105</codeph> by using cURL:</p>
      <codeblock>
curl -X POST \
   -H 'Content-Type: application/json'  \
   -d ' { 
         "ClientID":"Client38104,Client38105"
        }
 '  \
http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/service/close/connection</codeblock>
      <p>An example response to the POST method:</p>
      <codeblock>
{ 
   "Version":"v1",
   "Code":"CWLNA6137",
   "Message":"The specified connections were closed. Number of connections closed = 1" 
}</codeblock>
      <p>To verify that all the connections are closed, re-issue the same REST API POST
        method:<codeblock>
curl -X POST  \    
   -H 'Content-Type: application/json'  \    
   -d '  {
         "ClientID":"Client38104,Client38105"
         }
      ' \ 
http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/service/close/connection </codeblock>The
        following example response to the re-issued POST command is expected:
        <codeblock>
{ 
   "Version":"v1",
   "Code":"CWLNA6136",
   "Message":"The specified connection was not closed. The specified connection cannot be found." 
}</codeblock></p>
    </section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224025 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000002432?>
