<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="cmd_imaserver_update_sprofile" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> update
SecurityProfile</title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>imaserver update SecurityProfile</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>update SecurityProfile</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Updates a security profile. A security
profile is used by an endpoint to define Transport Layer Security
(TLS) and the authentication method for that endpoint. </section>
<section><title>Syntax</title><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>update
SecurityProfile "Name=</cmdname><varname>profileName</varname><cmdname>"</cmdname><cmdname> [
"TLSEnabled=True|False" ]</cmdname><cmdname> [ "CertificateProfile=</cmdname><varname>certProfileName</varname><cmdname>"
]</cmdname><cmdname> [ "MinimumProtocolMethod=</cmdname><varname>minProtocolLevel</varname><cmdname>"
]</cmdname><cmdname> [ "Ciphers=</cmdname><varname>cipherLevel</varname><cmdname>"
]</cmdname><cmdname> [ "UseClientCipher=True|False" ]</cmdname><cmdname> [
"UseClientCertificate=True|False" ]</cmdname><cmdname> [ "UsePasswordAuthentication=True|False"
]</cmdname><cmdname> [ "LTPAProfile=</cmdname><varname>LTPA</varname><cmdname>"
]</cmdname> <cmdname> [ "OAuthProfile=</cmdname><varname>OAuth</varname><cmdname>"
]</cmdname></section>
<section><title>Parameters</title><dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>profileName</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the security profile that you want to edit.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>TLSEnabled=True|False</dt>
<dd>Specifies whether to use (True) or not use (False) TLS on the endpoints that use the security profile.</dd>
<dd>The default value is True. </dd>
<dd>If <parmname>TLSEnabled</parmname> is <codeph>True</codeph>, you
must first create a certificate profile to use with this security
profile.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>certProfileName</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the certificate profile to use with this
security profile. The certificate profile must exist if you set <parmname>TLSEnabled</parmname> to <codeph>True</codeph>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>minProtocolLevel</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the lowest level of protocol that is allowed when a
client connects to <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph>.</dd>
<dd>The value can be one of the following values:<ul>
<li>SSLv3</li>
<li>TLSv1</li>
<li>TLSv1.1</li>
<li>TLSv1.2</li>
</ul>The default value is TLSv1.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>cipherLevel</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the encryption algorithm that is used by the security
policy.</dd>
<dd>The value can be one of the following values:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Best</dt>
<dd>The most secure cipher that is supported by the server and the
client.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Medium</dt>
<dd>The fastest high security cipher that is supported by the server
and the client.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Fast</dt>
<dd>The fastest medium or high security cipher that is supported by
server and the client.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul>The default value is medium.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>UseClientCipher=True|False</dt>
<dd>Specifies whether to use (True) or not use (False) the cipher
setting of the client when it connects to <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph>.</dd>
<dd>The default value is false.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>UseClientCertificate=True|False</dt>
<dd>Specifies whether to use (True) or not use (False) client certificate
authentication.</dd>
<dd>The default value is False.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>UsePasswordAuthentication=True|False</dt>
<dd>Specifies whether to authenticate the user ID and password (True)
or not (False).</dd>
<dd>The default value is True.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>LTPA</dt>
<dd>Specifies the LTPA profile to use with this security profile.
The LTPA profile must exist.</dd>
<dd>If you specify this option, <parmname>UsePasswordAuthentication</parmname> must
be set to <codeph>True</codeph>. If you omit the <parmname>UsePasswordAuthentication</parmname> parameter
from the command, it is automatically set to <codeph>True</codeph>.</dd>
<dd>If you specify an LTPA profile, you cannot specify an OAuth profile
in the same security profile.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>OAuth</dt>
<dd>Specifies the OAuth profile to use with this security profile.
The OAuth profile must exist.</dd>
<dd>If you specify this option, <parmname>UsePasswordAuthentication</parmname> must
be set to <codeph>True</codeph>. If you omit the <parmname>UsePasswordAuthentication</parmname> parameter
from the command, it is automatically set to <codeph>True</codeph>.</dd>
<dd>If you specify an OAuth profile, you cannot specify an LTPA profile
in the same security profile.</dd>
</dlentry></dl><?Pub Caret 225?></section>
<section><title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title><ul>
<li>The command must be capitalized as shown.</li>
<li>The command must use the double quotation marks as shown.</li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Related Commands</title><ul>
<li><xref format="dita" href="../CommonCmd/fun_fileget.dita"
scope="local" type="reference"></xref></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_create_update_cprofile.dita" scope="local" type="reference"/></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_imaserver_create_sprofile.dita"
scope="local" type="reference"></xref></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_imaserver_list_sprofile.dita"
scope="local" type="reference"></xref></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_imaserver_show_sprofile.dita"
scope="local" type="reference"></xref></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_imaserver_delete_sprofile.dita"
scope="local" type="reference"></xref></li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Example</title>Updates a security profile called <codeph>exampleSecProfile</codeph>:<codeblock><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> imaserver update SecurityProfile Name=exampleSecProfile UsePasswordAuthentication=False
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
<ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> </codeblock></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224027 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000006708?>
