<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="cmd_imaserver_update_oauth" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> update
OAuthProfile</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>imaserver update OAuthProfile</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>update OAuthProfile</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Updates an OAuth profile. An OAuth
profile defines the key files and URLs to use for open authorization.</section>
<section><title>Syntax</title><ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"/>
<cmdname>update OAuthProfile "Name=</cmdname><varname>profileName</varname><cmdname>"</cmdname><cmdname> [ "ResourceURL=</cmdname><varname>resourceURL</varname><cmdname>" ] </cmdname><cmdname> [ "AuthKey=</cmdname><varname>authKey</varname><cmdname>" ]</cmdname><cmdname> [ "KeyFileName=</cmdname><varname>fileName</varname><cmdname>" ]</cmdname><cmdname> [ "UserInfoURL=</cmdname><varname>userURL</varname><cmdname>" ] </cmdname><cmdname> [ "UserInfoKey=</cmdname><varname>userKey</varname><cmdname>" ]</cmdname><cmdname> [ "GroupInfoKey=</cmdname><varname>groupKey</varname><cmdname>" ]</cmdname></section>
<section> <title>Parameters</title> <dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>profileName</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the OAuth profile that you want to update.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>resourceURL</varname></dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the authorization server URL that is used to validate
the access token.</dd>
<dd>The URL must include the protocol. The protocol can be either <codeph>http</codeph> or <codeph>https</codeph>. </dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>authKey</varname></dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the name of the key that is used to store the access
token.</dd>
<dd>The default value is <codeph>access_token</codeph>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>fileName</varname></dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the name of the SSL certificate file to use with this
OAuth profile. The file must exist on <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.</dd>
<dd>The name can be a maximum of 32 alphanumeric characters. The first
character must not be a number.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>userURL</varname></dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the authorization server URL that is used to retrieve
the user information.</dd>
<dd>The URL must include the protocol. The protocol can be either <codeph>http</codeph> or <codeph>https</codeph>. </dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>userKey</varname></dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the name of the key that is used to store the user information.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt><varname>groupKey</varname></dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the name of the key that is used to retrieve the group information.</dd>
<dd> If this parameter is specified, <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> does not retrieve group information from any other source.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </section>
<section> <title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg"
trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title> <ul>
<li>The key file must be imported to <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> before it
can be used in an OAuth profile. You can use the <cmdname>file get</cmdname> command
to import the key file.</li>
<li>Name is a required field.</li>
<li>The SSL certificate must have both private and public keys.</li>
<li>The command must be capitalized as shown.</li>
<li>The command must use the double quotation marks as shown.</li>
<li>Depending on the configuration of the OAuth authorization server, the value of ResourceURL and UserInfoURL can be the same.</li>
</ul> </section>
<section> <title>Related Commands</title> <ul>
<li><xref format="dita" href="../CommonCmd/fun_fileget.dita"
scope="local" type="reference"></xref></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_imaserver_update_sprofile.dita"
scope="local" type="reference"></xref></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_imaserver_delete_oauth.dita"
scope="local" type="reference"></xref></li>
</ul> </section>
<section><title>Example</title>Updates an OAuth profile called <codeph>exampleOAuthProfile</codeph>:<codeblock><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> imaserver update OAuthProfile "Name=exampleOAuthProfile" "ResourceURL=http://new.example.com/home.jsp"
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
<ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> </codeblock></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224027 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000004206?>
