<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="cmd_create_update_ltpa" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Create or update an LTPA profile</title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle> create or update LTPA profile</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc/>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Creates or updates an LTPA profile. An LTPA profile defines the LTPA key file and password to use for single sign-on authentication.</section>
<section>
<title>URI</title>
<p>Use the <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API POST method with the
          following<ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> configuration URI:</p>
<p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/</codeph></p>
</section>
<section><title>Object configuration data</title><p>Provide LTPAProfile object configuration data in the payload of the POST method by using the following schema. <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to <userinput>application/json</userinput>: </p><codeblock>
{    
  "LTPAProfile": {
    "&lt;NameOfLTPAProfile>": {
      "KeyFileName": "string",
      "Password": "string", 
      "Overwrite": true|false
     }
   }
}</codeblock>Where:<dl>
      <dlentry>
        <dt><varname>NameOfLTPAProfile</varname></dt>
        <dd>Required.</dd>
        <dd>Specifies a name for the LTPA profile.</dd>
        <dd>The name can be a maximum of 256 alphanumeric characters. </dd>
        <dd>The name must not have leading or trailing spaces and cannot contain control characters, commas, double quotation marks, backslashes, or equal signs. The first character must not be a number. </dd>
        <dd>After the profile is created, this name cannot be changed.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>KeyFileName</dt>
        <dd>Required if you are creating an LTPA profile.</dd>
        <dd>Specifies the name of the key file to use with this LTPA profile. The key file must exist on <ph
          conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>.</dd>
        <dd>The name can be a maximum of 255 alphanumeric characters. The first character must not be a number.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Password</dt>
        <dd>Required if you are creating an LTPA profile.</dd>
        <dd>Specifies the LTPA password that is associated with the key file used in the LTPA profile.</dd>
        <dd>The value of this parameter is not returned on the REST API GET method.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Overwrite: true|false</dt>
        <dd>Specifies whether an existing key is overwritten if it has the same name.</dd>
        <dd>The default value is false which means that an existing key is not overwritten if it has the same name.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      </dl></section>
<section>
<title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title>
<ul>
<li>The LTPA key file must be copied to <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
          /> before it can be used in an LTPA profile. <xref format="dita"
          href="../cmd_REST_file_put.dita" scope="local" type="reference"
          /> command to copy the LTPA key file.</li>
<li>After you create an LTPA profile, you must associate it with a security profile.</li>
        <li>Capitalization and double quotation marks must be used as shown.</li>
</ul>
</section>
<section>
<title>Related <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/></title>
<ul>
<li><xref format="dita" href="../cmd_REST_file_put.dita" scope="local" type="reference"/></li>
        <li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_create_update_sprofile.dita" scope="local"
          type="reference"/></li>
        <li><xref format="dita" href="../cmd_show_config.dita" scope="local" type="reference"/></li>
        <li><xref format="dita" href="../cmd_delete_config.dita" scope="local" type="reference"
          /></li>
</ul>
</section>
<section>
      <title>Example</title>
      <p>Copy a key called <systemoutput>certificateKey.pem</systemoutput> by using cURL:</p>
      <codeblock>curl -X PUT -T certificate.pem http://10.10.2.149:9089/ima/v1/file/ltpa.key</codeblock>
      <p>Create an LTPA profile called "MyLTPAProfile" by using cURL:</p>
      <codeblock> 
curl -X POST \
   -H 'Content-Type: application/json'  \
   -d  '{ 
         "LTPAProfile": {   
           "MyLTPAProfile": {
             "KeyFileName": "ltpa.key",
             "Password": "ltpakeypassword"
          }
        }
    }
 '  \
http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/configuration/</codeblock>
      <p>An example response to the POST
        method:<codeblock>
{        
  "Version": "v1",
  "Code": "CWLNA6011",
  "Message": "The requested configuration change has completed successfully."
}
</codeblock></p>
    </section>
</refbody>
</reference>
