<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="imaserver_create_remotelogserver" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>imaserver create RemoteLogServer</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>imaserver create RemoteLogServer</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>create RemoteLogServer</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Creates a remote log server configuration
for forwarding log messages. </section>
<section><title>Syntax</title><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname> create
RemoteLogServer </cmdname><cmdname> "Host=</cmdname><codeph><varname>host</varname></codeph><cmdname>" </cmdname><cmdname> "Port=</cmdname><codeph><varname>port</varname></codeph><cmdname>"
 </cmdname><cmdname> "Driver=</cmdname><codeph><varname>driver</varname></codeph><cmdname>" </cmdname><cmdname> [
"Enabled=True|False" ]</cmdname></section>
<section> <title>Parameters</title> <dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>host</varname></dt>
<dd>The host name or IP address of the remote syslog server.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>port</varname></dt>
<dd>The port number to use to connect to the remote syslog server.</dd>
<dd>The port number must be in the range 1 - 65535.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>driver</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies how the log messages are formatted and sent to the remote
syslog server. Log messages are formatted according to the syslog
protocol RFC 5424 and then sent over TCP or UDP. You can specify one
of the following values:<ul>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>syslog-tcp</dt>
<dd>Log messages are sent over TCP.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>syslog-udp</dt>
<dd>Log messages are sent over UDP.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
</ul></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Enabled=True|False</dt>
<dd>Specifies whether message forwarding is enabled.</dd>
<dd>The default value is True.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </section>
<section> <title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg"
trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title> <p> <ul>
<li> The command must be capitalized as shown. </li>
<li> The command must use the double quotation marks as shown. </li>
<li> The use of symbolic host names reduces log message forwarding
performance.</li>
</ul> </p> </section>
<section> <title>Related Commands</title> <ul>
<li><xref href="cmd_imaserver_delete_remotelogserver.dita"></xref></li>
<li><xref href="cmd_imaserver_show_remotelogserver.dita"></xref></li>
<li><xref href="cmd_imaserver_update_remotelogserver.dita"></xref></li>
</ul> </section>
<section><title>Example</title>Creates the remote syslog server configuration:<codeblock><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> create RemoteLogServer "Host=192.160.24.1" "Port=512" "Driver=syslog-tcp"
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
<ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></codeblock></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224022 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000003259?>
