<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="cmd_imaserver_update_logautotransfer" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>imaserver update LogAutoTransfer</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>imaserver update LogAutoTransfer</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>update LogAutoTransfer</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Updates the automatic log transfer
configuration. When a log file is rotated, the automatic log transfer
copies the newly archived file to the destination specified in the
automatic log transfer configuration.</section>
<section><title>Syntax</title><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname> update
LogAutoTransfer </cmdname><cmdname>[ "Destination=</cmdname><codeph><varname>destination</varname></codeph><cmdname>"
]</cmdname><cmdname> [ "Port=</cmdname><codeph><varname>port</varname></codeph><cmdname>"
] </cmdname><cmdname> [ "UserID=</cmdname><codeph><varname>user</varname></codeph><cmdname>"
]</cmdname><cmdname> [ "Password=</cmdname><codeph><varname>password</varname></codeph><cmdname>"
] </cmdname><cmdname> [ "Enabled=True|False" ]</cmdname></section>
<section> <title>Parameters</title> <dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>destination</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the URL to use to connect to the remote system. </dd>
<dd>The protocol can be either FTP or SSH. </dd>
<dd>The URL must include the protocol to use to connect to the remote
system. That is, <filepath>ftp://</filepath> for FTP, or <filepath>scp://</filepath> for
SSH. </dd>
<dd>The URL cannot include the user ID.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>Port</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the port to use to connect to the remote system.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>user</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the user ID to use to log on to the remote system.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>password</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the password to use to log on to the remote system.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><cmdname>"Enabled=True|False"</cmdname></dt>
<dd>Specifies whether automatic log transfers are enabled.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </section>
<section> <title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg"
trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title> <p> <ul>
<li>All <codeph>imaserver-*.log</codeph> files are copied to the specified
destination when automatic log transfer is enabled. The webui-messages*.log
files are not copied. </li>
<li>Only one automatic log transfer configuration can be configured.</li>
<li>The command must be capitalized as shown.</li>
<li>The command must use the double quotation marks as shown.</li>
</ul> </p> </section>
<section> <title>Related Commands</title> <ul>
<li><xref href="cmd_imaserver_delete_logautotransfer.dita"></xref></li>
<li><xref href="cmd_imaserver_show_logautotransfer.dita"></xref></li>
<li><xref href="cmd_imaserver_test_logautotransfer.dita"></xref></li>
</ul> </section>
<section><title>Example</title>Updates the automatic log transfer
configuration:<codeblock><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> update LogAutoTransfer "Destination=ftp://192.0.2.2"
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
<ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></codeblock></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224023 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000003611?>
