<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="cmd_imaserver_update_remotelogserver" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Create or update syslog server information</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>sysLogServer</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>RemoteLogServer</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Creates or updates syslog server configuration for forwarding log
   messages. </section>
<section>
   <title>URI</title>
   <p>Use the <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
                /> REST API GET method with the following <ph
                conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
                /> configuration URI: <codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/</codeph></p>
  </section>
<section><title>Object configuration data</title><p>Provide log location configuration data in the
    payload of the POST method by using the following schema: <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is
    set to <userinput>application/json</userinput>: </p><codeblock>
"Syslog" {    
    "Host" : "string",    
    "Port" : integer,   
    "Protocol" : "tcp" | "upd",    
    "Enabled" : true|false
}</codeblock>Where:<dl>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>Host</dt>
     <dd>The IP address of the remote syslog server.</dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>Port</dt>
     <dd>The port number to use to connect to the remote syslog server. </dd>
     <dd>The port number must be in the range 1 - 65535.</dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>Protocol</dt>
     <dd>Specifies the protocol that is used.</dd>
     <dd>This value can be tcp or upd.</dd>
     <dd>The default value is tcp.</dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>Enabled=true|false</dt>
     <dd>Specifies whether the syslog server connection is enabled.</dd>
     <dd>This value can be true or false.</dd>
     <dd>The default value is false.<note>When <parmname>Enabled</parmname> is set to
                                <userinput>true</userinput>, <ph
                                conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> attempts to
                            establish a connection to the syslog server. If a connection cannot be
                            established, a <codeph>CWLNA0150 "Unable to connect"</codeph> error is
                            displayed. If <parmname>Enabled</parmname> is set to
                                <userinput>false</userinput>, setting
                                <parmname>LocationType</parmname> to <userinput>syslog</userinput>
                            in <parmname>LogLocation</parmname> fails. If one or more
                                <parmname>LogLocation</parmname> items use syslog, then syslog
                            connectivity cannot be disabled by setting <parmname>Enabled</parmname>
                            to <userinput>false</userinput>. </note></dd>
    </dlentry>
   </dl></section>
<section> <title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg"
trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title> <p> <ul>
<li> The command must be capitalized as shown. </li>
<li> The command must use the double quotation marks as shown. </li>
<li> The use of symbolic host names reduces log message forwarding
performance.</li>
</ul> </p> </section>
<section> <title>Related <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/></title> <ul>
<li><xref href="cmd_imaserver_show_remotelogserver.dita"></xref></li>
</ul> </section>
<section><title>Example</title>Updates the syslog server
    configuration:<codeblock>curl -X POST \
   -H  'Content-Type: application/json'  \
   -d  '{                       
           "Syslog": {   
             "Host" : "192.160.24.1",    
             "Port" : 512,   
             "Protocol" : "tcp",    
             "Enabled" : true
         }
      }
  '   \
http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/configuration/</codeblock><p>An
    example response to the POST
    method:<codeblock>
{        
  "Version": "v1",
  "Code": "CWLNA6011",
  "Message": "The requested configuration change has completed successfully."
}
</codeblock></p></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224023 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000003172?>
