<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="cmd_imaserver_test_logautotransfer" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>imaserver test LogAutoTransfer</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>imaserver test LogAutoTransfer</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>test LogAutoTransfer</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Tests the provided details for an automatic
log transfer configuration.</section>
<section><title>Syntax</title><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname> test
LogAutoTransfer </cmdname><cmdname> "Destination=</cmdname><codeph><varname>destination</varname></codeph><cmdname>" </cmdname><cmdname> [
"Port=</cmdname><codeph><varname>port</varname></codeph><cmdname>"
]  </cmdname><cmdname> "UserID=</cmdname><codeph><varname>user</varname></codeph><cmdname>" </cmdname><cmdname> "Password=</cmdname><codeph><varname>password</varname></codeph><cmdname>" </cmdname></section>
<section> <title>Parameters</title> <dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>destination</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the URL to use to connect to the remote system. </dd>
<dd>The protocol can be either FTP or SSH. </dd>
<dd>The URL must include the protocol to use to connect to the remote
system. That is, <filepath>ftp://</filepath> for FTP, or <filepath>scp://</filepath> for
SSH. </dd>
<dd>The URL cannot include the user ID.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>Port</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the port to use to connect to the remote system.</dd>
<dd>The default value for FTP is 21. The default value for SSH is
22.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>user</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the user ID to test for logging on to the remote system.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>password</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the password to test for logging on to the remote system.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </section>
<section> <title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg"
trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title> <p> <ul>
<li>If the destination that is specified is an FTP server, the test
attempts to list the files in the specified directory on the server.
If the user ID provided does not have list permission, the test fails.</li>
<li>The command must be capitalized as shown.</li>
<li>The command must use the double quotation marks as shown.</li>
</ul> </p> </section>
<section> <title>Related Commands</title> <ul>
<li><xref href="cmd_imaserver_create_logautotransfer.dita"></xref></li>
<li><xref href="cmd_imaserver_show_logautotransfer.dita"></xref></li>
<li><xref href="cmd_imaserver_update_logautotransfer.dita"></xref></li>
</ul> </section>
<section><title>Example</title>Tests the provided details of an automatic
log transfer configuration:<codeblock><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> test LogAutoTransfer "Destination=ftp://192.0.2.0" "UserID=user1" "Password=Password"
Log auto transfer test succeeded.
<ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></codeblock></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224023 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000003352?>
