<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="cmd_imaserver_purge_log" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>imaserver purge LogFile</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>imaserver purge LogFile</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>purge LogFile</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Purges a specified log file. This command
copies the current log, and all the archived logs to the automatic
transfer location. Then, the log files are deleted from the server.</section>
<section><title>Syntax</title><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname> purge
LogFile </cmdname><cmdname> "Name=</cmdname><codeph><varname>filename</varname></codeph><cmdname>" </cmdname><cmdname> [
"Force=True|False" ]</cmdname></section>
<section> <title>Parameters</title> <dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>filename</varname></dt>
<dd>The name of the log file to purge.</dd>
<dd>You can view a list of available log files by using the <xref
href="fun_showlog.dita"><cmdname>show log list</cmdname></xref> command.</dd>
<dd>Backup files with the <codeph>.gz</codeph> suffix, and the <codeph>webui-messages</codeph> log
files cannot be purged.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><cmdname>"Force=True|False"</cmdname></dt>
<dd>Specifies whether to force the log file purge.</dd>
<dd>If Force is set to True, the command purges the current log file
and the archived log files even if the files cannot be copied to the
automatic transfer location.</dd>
<dd>If Force is set to False, the command fails if the logs cannot
be copied to the automatic transfer location.</dd>
<dd>The default value is False.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </section>
<section> <title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg"
trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title> <p> <ul>
<li>You can specify an automatic transfer location by using the <xref
href="cmd_imaserver_create_logautotransfer.dita"><cmdname>imaserver
create LogAutoTransfer</cmdname></xref> command. </li>
<li>The command must be capitalized as shown.</li>
<li>The command must use the double quotation marks as shown.</li>
</ul> </p> </section>
<section> <title>Related Commands</title> <ul>
<li><xref format="dita" href="fun_showlog.dita" scope="local"
type="reference"></xref></li>
<li><xref href="cmd_imaserver_create_logautotransfer.dita"></xref></li>
</ul> </section>
<section><title>Example</title>Purges the imaserver-default.log file:<codeblock><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> purge LogFile "Name=imaserver-default.log"
Log file "imaserver-default.log" has been purged successfully.
<ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></codeblock></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224022 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000003030?>
