<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="cmd_imaserver_update_LogConfig" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>imaserver update LogConfig</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>imaserver update LogConfig</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>update LogConfig</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Changes the maximum size of log files,
or the number of log files that are archived before the oldest file
is deleted.</section>
<section><title>Syntax</title><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname> update
LogConfig </cmdname><cmdname> "Name=</cmdname><codeph><varname>logName</varname></codeph><cmdname>" </cmdname><cmdname> [
"MaxLogSize=</cmdname><codeph><varname>size</varname></codeph><cmdname>"
] </cmdname><cmdname> [ "RotationCount=</cmdname><codeph><varname>count</varname></codeph><cmdname>"
] </cmdname></section>
<section> <title>Parameters</title> <dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>logName</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the log that you want to update the settings
for.</dd>
<dd>You can use the <cmdname>show log list</cmdname> to view a list
of log files that you can change the settings for. You cannot change
the <codeph>webui-message.log</codeph> file settings.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>size</varname></dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the maximum size for the log files, in MB.</dd>
<dd>This value must be in the range 1-25.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>count</varname></dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the number of log files that are archived before the
oldest file is deleted.</dd>
<dd>This value must be in the range 1-5.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </section>
<section> <title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg"
trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title> <p> <ul>
<li>The command must be capitalized as shown.</li>
<li>The command must use the double quotation marks as shown.</li>
</ul> </p> </section>
<section><title>Example</title>Changes the maximum log file size of
the <codeph><ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph>-admin.log</codeph>:<codeblock><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> imaserver update LogConfig "Name=imaserver-admin.log" "MaxLogSize=15"
<ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></codeblock></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224023 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000002973?>
