<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="cmd_ismserver_status" xml:lang="en-us">
<title> <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> status</title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>imaserver status</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>imaserver status</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Reports the status of the <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server process.
This command also reports the high availability (HA) role of the appliance.</section>
<section><title>Syntax</title><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>status</cmdname></section>
<section><title>Parameters</title><p>None.</p></section>
<section><title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title><ul>
<li>This command is the same as the <cmdname>status imaserver</cmdname> command.</li>
<li>The status can be one of the following values:<ul>
<li>EngineStarted</li>
<li>Failover</li>
<li>Initialized</li>
<li>Initializing</li>
<li>Maintenance (CleanStoreInProgress)</li>
<li>MessagingStarted</li>
<li>ProtocolStarted</li>
<li>Running (maintenance)</li>
<li>Running (production)</li>
<li>Standby</li>
<li>Starting</li>
<li>Stopped</li>
<li>Stopping</li>
<li>StoreStarted</li>
<li>StoreStarting</li>
<li>TransportStarted</li>
<li>Unknown</li>
</ul>For more information about maintenance mode, see <xref format="dita"
href="../../Troubleshooting/tr00006_.dita" scope="local" type="concept"></xref>.</li>
<li>If HighAvailability is enabled, the HA role can be one of the
following values:<ul>
<li>UNSYNC</li>
<li>PRIMARY</li>
<li>STANDBY</li>
<li>UNSYNC_ERROR</li>
<li>HADISABLED</li>
</ul></li>
<li>If the status is <codeph>StoreStarting</codeph>, and the HARole
is <codeph>UNSYNC</codeph>, the sync progress status is also shown.</li>
<li>If the status is <codeph>StoreStarting</codeph>, the recovery
completion percentage is also shown. This statistic shows the progress
of the store recovery process.</li>
<li>If the <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server
does not start successfully, then it starts in maintenance mode. The
output of the command <cmdname>imaserver status</cmdname> includes
the error code and description.</li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Related Commands</title><ul>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_imaserver_stop.dita" scope="local"
type="reference"></xref></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_imaserver_start.dita" scope="local"
type="reference"></xref></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_imaserver_show.dita" scope="local"
type="reference"></xref></li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Example</title>The following example shows that the <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server is
running successfully.<codeblock><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> imaserver status
Status = Running (production)
ServerUpTime = 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 13 seconds
<ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></codeblock><p>The
following example shows that the <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server did
not start successfully. The <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server is
running in maintenance mode. Error information is provided.</p><codeblock><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> imaserver status
Status = Running (maintenance)
ErrorCode = CWLNA0509
ErrorString = Store High-Availability error.
HARole = UNSYNC_ERROR
PrimaryLastTime = 2013-10-29 19:37:27Z
HAError = Discovery time expired. Failed to communicate with the other node in the HA-pair. (2)
<ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></codeblock></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224021 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000004094?>
