<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="device_immlan_set" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>device immlan set</title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>device immlan set</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>device immlan set</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Configure the IP address information
for the Integrated Management Module II (IMM2) LAN interface on the
appliance.</section>
<section><title>Syntax</title><cmdname>device immlan set dhcp|static</cmdname> <varname>IP
address</varname>/<varname>netmaskbits</varname> [<varname>defaultGateway</varname> ]</section>
<section><title>Parameters</title><dl><dlentry>
<dt>dhcp|static</dt>
<dd>Specifies whether the IMM2 LAN interface IP address is set by
using DHCP (dhcp) or static values (static).</dd>
<dd>If you specify <cmdname>static</cmdname>, you must also specify
the IP address and netmask bits that you require, and you can choose
to specify a default gateway address in the following format:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>IP address</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the static IPv4 network address to be assigned to the
IMM2 LAN interface in classless inter-domain routing format (CIDR)
format.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>netmaskbits</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the number of netmask bits.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>defaultGateway</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the static IPv 4 network address of the default gateway
to be used for IP routing over the IMM2 interface. You cannot specify
a netmask on this address.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
<section><title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title><ul>
<li>The command can require some time to complete, particularly if
you change from using a static address to an address assigned by DHCP.</li>
<li>Specify IPv4 addresses only; do not use IPv6 addresses.</li>
    <li>This command is not available in Amazon EC2 server, SoftLayer virtual server, or SoftLayer
     bare metal environments.  </li>
<li>The default user id and password for the IMM2 interface is <userinput>USERID</userinput> and <userinput>PASSW0RD</userinput>.</li>
</ul><?Pub Caret -1?></section>
<section><title>Related Commands</title><ul>
<li><xref format="dita" href="device_immlan_get.dita" scope="local"
type="reference"></xref></li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Example</title>Set a static IP address, with 24 netmask
bits, and default gateway address for the IMM2 LAN interface.<codeblock><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> device immlan set static 9.3.174.96/24 9.3.174.1
Ok
<ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph>  </codeblock></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224024 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000002980?>
