<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="funlocset" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>locale set</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>locale set</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>locale set</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Sets the locale that is used by <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>. The locale
setting controls the character set that is used to display messages.
The character set is UTF-8.</section>
<section><title>Syntax</title><cmdname>locale set</cmdname> <varname>language</varname> [<varname>country</varname>]</section>
<section><title>Parameters</title><dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>language</varname></dt>
<dd>The abbreviation for the language that is to be used in the locale.</dd>
<dd>You can use the <cmdname>help locale set</cmdname> command to
view a list of supported locales and translations.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>country</varname></dt>
<dd>The abbreviation for the country that is to be used in the locale.</dd>
<dd>You can use the <cmdname>help locale set</cmdname> command to
view a list of supported locales and translations.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
<section><title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title><ul>
<li>The locale setting takes effect immediately for the command line
in which the command was entered. For other command-line instances
that might be active, the user must exit and reenter the command line
for the new locale to take effect.</li>
<li>If a translation for a specified language is not available, US
English messages are displayed.</li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Related Commands</title><ul>
<li><xref format="dita" href="fun_locget.dita" scope="local"
type="reference"></xref></li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Example</title>Set the locale to English by using
the conventions of the United States.<codeblock><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> locale set en US
Locale is en_US. Charset is UTF-8.
<ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph>    </codeblock></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224021 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000002414?>
