<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="showlog" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Show configuration details of a log file </title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle> log</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm> log</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Displays configuration details of a log file.</section>
<section><title>URI</title>
   <p>To display the configuration details of a log file, use the<ph
        conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
        /> REST API GET method with the following<ph
        conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
        /> configuration URI: <codeblock>http://admin-endpoint-IP:Port/ima/v1/configuration/&lt;LogType> </codeblock></p></section>
<section><title>Object configuration data</title>
   <p>Provide a value for the type of log that you want to view: </p><dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>LogType</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the type of log file that you want to view.</dd>
     <dd>This value can be one of the following values: <userinput>LogLevel</userinput>,
       <userinput>ConnectionLog</userinput>, <userinput>SecurityLog</userinput>,
       <userinput>AdminLog</userinput>, and <userinput>MQConnectivityLog</userinput>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
<section><title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title><ul>
    <li>A logging level of MIN is the lowest logging level and includes only the most important
     entries. </li>
    <li>A logging level of MAX is the highest logging level and includes all entries. At this level,
     all messages are recorded in the log files.</li>
    <li>A logging level of NORMAL includes all important entries. </li>
<li>The log file contents are displayed on screen. For more information about the log files, see
      <xref format="dita" href="../../Troubleshooting/tr00000_.dita" scope="local" type="concept"
     />.</li>
<li otherprops="future">For reporting problems to <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Support,
          use the <xref href="../SpecialCmd/fun_gather.dita"/> command.</li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Example</title>List the configuration details of the security log
         file:<codeblock>curl -X GET  http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/configuration/SecurityLog</codeblock><codeblock>
{
  "Version": "v1",
  "SecurityLog": "NORMAL"
}
</codeblock></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224024 2?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000002923?>
