<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="funderestart" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Restart the <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle> restart</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>device restart</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Shut down the <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
   server and restart it. On restart, all <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
   server processes start. </section>
  <section>
   <title>URI</title>
   <p>Use the <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API SERVICE method with
        the following <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> configuration URI:</p>
   <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:port>/ima/v1/service/restart</codeph></p>
  </section>
  <section><title>Object configuration data</title><p>Provide object configuration data in the
        payload of the POST method by using one of the following schemas.
          <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to <userinput>application/json</userinput>: </p><codeblock>
{"Service":"Server","Maintenance":"start"|"stop"}</codeblock><codeblock>
{"Service":"Server","CleanStore":true|false}
</codeblock>where:<dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Maintenance</dt>
          <dd>Optional.</dd>
          <dd>Specifies whether the server restarts in maintenance mode or production mode. </dd>
          <dd>If <parmname>Maintenance</parmname> is set to <userinput>start</userinput>, the server
            restarts in maintenance mode. If <parmname>Maintenance</parmname> is set to
              <userinput>stop</userinput>, the server restarts in production mode.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>CleanStore</dt>
          <dd>Optional. </dd>
          <dd>Specifies whether the store is cleaned as part of the shutdown process. </dd>
          <dd>If <parmname>CleanStore</parmname> is set to <userinput>true</userinput>, then the
            store is cleaned as part of the shutdown process. The server does not need to be in
            maintenance mode for the store to be cleaned.</dd>
        <dd>You cannot clean the store of an <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
          /> server that is a member of a cluster.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl><note><parmname>CleanStore</parmname> and <parmname>Maintenance</parmname> are mutually
        exclusive and cannot be specified in the same payload.</note></section>
<section>
   <title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title>
   <p>When <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> restarts, mqconnectivity also
    restarts. If  you need to stop mqconnectivity, you can change the MQConnectivityEnabled
    configuration to false. To start mqconnectivity, set MQConnectivityEnabled to true. </p>
  </section>
<section><title>Related <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/></title><ul>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_status_server.dita" scope="local" type="reference"/></li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Example</title>Restart an <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
      server in Maintenance mode by using
      cURL:<codeblock>
curl -X POST \
   -H  'Content-Type: application/json'  \
   -d  '{"Service":"Server","Maintenance":"start"}
  '   \
http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/service/restart
</codeblock></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224021 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000002253?>
