<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="PDFad00700_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring security</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>You can configure a number of security components. You
can configure certificate profiles and security profiles to secure
your endpoints. You can upload client certificates to the <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> truststore.
You can configure Lightweight Third Party Authentication (LTPA) and
OAuth. You can enable FIPS-compliant security. All these security
components can be configured either by using the <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> or
by using the command line.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<section> <title>Configuring security for an endpoint</title> <p>TLS
is configured on an endpoint by using a security profile. The security
profile specifies the certificate profile, and the authentication
method (for example, the LTPA profile) that are used with the endpoint.
You can choose to apply different security profiles to different endpoints,
or you can apply the same security profile to multiple endpoints.</p> <p>Security
is also provided by using connection policies and messaging policies.
These policies control which clients can connect to <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph>,
and perform messaging actions. For more information about connection
policies, messaging policies, and securing <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph>,
see the <cite>Security</cite> section of <xref format="html"
href="http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSCGGQ_1.2.0/com.ibm.ism.doc/Security/se00000_.html"
scope="external"> <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Knowledge
Center</xref>.</p> <p>To set up TLS on an <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> endpoint,
complete the following steps.<ol>
<li>Create a certificate profile. Certificate profiles define the
server certificates that are used to control TLS. For more information,
see the <cite>Configuring certificate profiles</cite> topic in <cite>Administering</cite> section
of the <xref format="html"
href="http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSCGGQ_1.2.0/com.ibm.ism.doc/Administering/ad00710_.html"
scope="external"> <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Knowledge
Center</xref>.</li>
<li>Create a security profile with TLS enabled. Security profiles
define the security that is applied to an endpoint. Security profiles
include information about the certificate profile that is required
for TLS. <p>Ensure that TLS is enabled on the security profile; by
default, TLS is enabled. For more information about enabling TLS,
see <xref href="PDFad00740_.dita" scope="local"></xref>.</p><p>You
can ensure that you comply with the NIST 800-131a requirements by
using appropriate settings in your security profiles. For more information,
see the <cite>NIST 800-131a</cite> topic in <cite>Security</cite> section
of the <xref format="html"
href="http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSCGGQ_1.2.0/com.ibm.ism.doc/Security/se00017_.html"
scope="external"> <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Knowledge
Center</xref>.</p></li>
<li>Optionally, import client certificates. Client certificates can
be used to verify that a client is who it claims to be. For more information,
see the <cite>Configuring client certificates</cite> topic in <cite>Administering</cite> section
of the <xref format="html"
href="http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSCGGQ_1.2.0/com.ibm.ism.doc/Administering/ad00710_.html"
scope="external"> <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Knowledge
Center</xref>.</li>
<li>Apply the security profile to the endpoint. For more information,
see the <cite>Configuring message hubs</cite> topic in the <cite>Administering</cite> section
of <xref format="html"
href="http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSCGGQ_1.2.0/com.ibm.ism.doc/Administering/ad00360_.html"
scope="external"> <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Knowledge
Center</xref>.</li>
</ol></p> <p>You can also configure FIPS-compliant security. For more
information, see the <cite>Configuring Federal Information Processing
Standards (FIPS)</cite> topic in the <cite>Administering</cite> section
of <xref format="html"
href="http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSCGGQ_1.2.0/com.ibm.ism.doc/Administering/ad00750_.html"
scope="external"> <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Knowledge
Center</xref>.</p> <p> <note>MQTT <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="JavaScript">JavaScript</tm> clients
that use SSL might not be able to connect to a secure endpoint if
the browser detects certain problems with the certificate. An example
of such a problem is a mismatch between the Common Name (CN) field
in the certificate and the DNS name of your server. If your client
cannot connect to a secure endpoint on the server, you can see any
reported problems with the certificate by attempting to connect over
HTTPS. You can attempt to connect to the server and port that you
are using for the WebSockets connection over HTTPS by entering <codeph>https://<varname>server</varname>:<varname>port</varname></codeph> in
the URL field of your browser.</note> </p> </section>
<section> <title>Disabling TLS</title> <p>You can disable TLS in one
of the following ways:<ul>
<li>Disable TLS in the security profile that is associated with the
endpoint. If you disable TLS in the security profile, then TLS is
disabled on all endpoints that use the security profile.</li>
<li>Remove the reference in the endpoint to the security profile.</li>
</ul></p> </section>
</conbody>
<?tm 1424963249 7?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000005947?>
