<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="PDFad00741_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring TLS in the security profile by using the <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph></title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>System administrators can disable and enable TLS in the
security profile by using the <uicontrol>Security Settings</uicontrol> page
in the <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq> <p>If you need to enable TLS on an endpoint, you must create
a certificate profile before you can create a security profile. The
certificate profile defines the server certificate to use in the security
profile. For more information about creating a certificate profile,
see the <cite>Configuring certificate profiles</cite> topic in the <cite>Administering</cite> section
of <xref format="html"
href="http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSCGGQ_1.2.0/com.ibm.ism.doc/Administering/ad00710_.html"
scope="external"> <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Knowledge
Center</xref>.</p> </prereq>
<context> <p>The security profile defines the TLS and authentication
method that are applied to an endpoint. You can disable and enable
TLS in the security profile by using the <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>,
or by using the command line. A <uicontrol>Use TLS</uicontrol> check
box is provided in the <ph id="ISMgui"><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> MessageSight
Web UI</ph> for you to specify whether TLS is enabled. You can disable
TLS by clearing the <uicontrol>Use TLS</uicontrol> check box. </p> <p>For
more information about using the command line to disable and enable
TLS in the security profile , see <xref href="TLSconfig.dita"
scope="local"></xref>.</p> </context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Go to the <uicontrol>Security Settings</uicontrol> page
in one of the following ways:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>From the <uicontrol>Home</uicontrol> tab, click <uicontrol>Security
Settings</uicontrol> in the <uicontrol>Secure your appliance</uicontrol> pane.</choice>
<choice>From the <uicontrol>Appliance</uicontrol> menu, click <uicontrol>Security
Settings</uicontrol>.</choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step><cmd>Choose an action from the <uicontrol>Security Profiles</uicontrol> pane:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>To add a security profile, click the <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol> icon
and select or clear the <uicontrol>Use TLS</uicontrol> check box.</choice>
<choice>To edit a security profile, select the profile, click the <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> icon
and select or clear the <uicontrol>Use TLS</uicontrol> check box.</choice>
</choices>
</step>
</steps>
<postreq> <p>Associate the security profile with an endpoint. For
more information, see the <cite>Configuring message hubs</cite> topic
in the <cite>Administering</cite> section of <xref format="html"
href="http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSCGGQ_1.2.0/com.ibm.ism.doc/Administering/ad00360_.html"
scope="external"> <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Knowledge
Center</xref>.</p>  </postreq>
</taskbody>
<?tm 1424963249 3?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003348?>
