<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="PDFad00740_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring security profiles</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>A security profile is used by an endpoint to define authentication
and TLS settings for that endpoint. To enable TLS for the endpoint,
you must enable TLS in the security profile and the security profile
must have an associated certificate profile that defines the server
certificate that is used to control TLS. To create a security profile
with TLS enabled, you must create the certificate profile before you
create the security profile. You can configure security profiles either
by using the <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> or
by using the command line.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>When you create a security profile, you must specify the following
property:<dl><dlentry>
<dt>Name</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name that identifies the security profile.</dd>
<dd> <p>The name can be a maximum of 32 alphanumeric characters. The
first character must not be a number.</p> </dd>
</dlentry></dl></p>
<p>You can also specify the following TLS properties. For more information
about TLS, see <xref format="dita" href="PDFse00005_.dita" scope="local"
type="concept"></xref>.<dl><dlentry>
<dt>TLS Enabled</dt>
<dd>Specifies whether TLS is enabled for the endpoints that use the
security profile. TLS is enabled by default.</dd>
<dd>If you specify that TLS is enabled, you must first create a certificate
profile to use with the security profile.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Certificate Profile</dt>
<dd>Specifies an existing certificate profile to use with the security
profile. You must specify a certificate profile if TLS is enabled
in the security profile. The certificate profile is not used if TLS
is disabled in the security profile.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Minimum Protocol Method</dt>
<dd>Specifies the lowest level of protocol that is allowed when a
client connects to <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph>.</dd>
<dd>You can choose from the following levels:<ul>
<li>SSL v3</li>
<li>TLS v1.0</li>
<li>TLS v1.1</li>
<li>TLS v1.2</li>
</ul></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Ciphers</dt>
<dd>Specifies the encryption algorithm that is used by the security
policy.</dd>
<dd>You can choose from the following ciphers:<ul>
<li><codeph>Best</codeph>: The most secure cipher that is supported
by the server and the client.</li>
<li><codeph>Fast</codeph>: The fastest high security cipher that is
supported by the server and the client.</li>
<li><codeph>Medium</codeph>: The fastest medium or high security cipher
that is supported by server and the client.</li>
</ul></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Use Client Ciphers</dt>
<dd>Specifies whether the client can determine the cipher use when
it connects to <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph>.
Only the ciphers that are supported by both client and server can
be chosen. If <codeph>Use Client Ciphers</codeph> is specified, then
the client selects the cipher that is used to connect to <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph>.
If <codeph>Use Client Ciphers</codeph> is not specified, then the
server selects the cipher.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Client Certificate Authentication</dt>
<dd>Specifies whether to authenticate the certificate that is presented
by the client against the trusted certificates for this security profile. </dd>
<dd>For more information about client certificates and the truststore,
see the <cite>Client certificate authentication</cite> topic in the <cite>Security</cite> section
of <xref format="html"
href="http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSCGGQ_1.2.0/com.ibm.ism.doc/Security/se00007.html"
scope="external"> <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Knowledge
Center</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p>
<p>You can also specify the following authentication properties:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Use Password Authentication</dt>
<dd>Specifies whether the client must have a valid user ID and password
when it connects to <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>LTPA Profile</dt>
<dd>Specifies an existing LTPA profile to use with the security profile.</dd>
<dd>If you specify an LTPA profile, password authentication is automatically
enabled if it is not already set.</dd>
<dd>If you specify an LTPA profile, you cannot specify an OAuth profile
in the same security profile.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>OAuth Profile</dt>
<dd>Specifies an existing OAuth profile to use with the security profile.</dd>
<dd>If you specify an OAuth profile, password authentication is automatically
enabled if it is not already set.</dd>
<dd>If you specify an OAuth profile, you cannot specify an LTPA profile
in the same security profile.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p>
</conbody>
<?tm 1424963249 1?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000005166?>
