<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="PDFcreate" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> create
SecurityProfile</title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>imaserver create SecurityProfile</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Creates a security profile. A security
profile is used by an endpoint to define TLS and the authentication
method for that endpoint. </section>
<section><title>Syntax</title><ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>create
SecurityProfile "Name=</cmdname><varname>profileName</varname><cmdname>"</cmdname><cmdname>[
"TLSEnabled=True|False" ] </cmdname><cmdname> [ "CertificateProfile=</cmdname><varname>certProfileName</varname><cmdname>"
]</cmdname><cmdname> [ "MinimumProtocolMethod=</cmdname><varname>minProtocolLevel</varname><cmdname>"
]</cmdname><cmdname>[ "Ciphers=</cmdname><varname>cipherLevel</varname><cmdname>"
] </cmdname><cmdname>[ "UseClientCipher=True|False" ]</cmdname><cmdname> [
"UseClientCertificate=True|False" ] </cmdname><cmdname>[ "UsePasswordAuthentication=True|False"
] </cmdname><cmdname> [ "LTPAProfile=</cmdname><varname>LTPA</varname><cmdname>"
]</cmdname> <cmdname> [ "OAuthProfile=</cmdname><varname>OAuth</varname><cmdname>"
]</cmdname></section>
<section> <title>Parameters</title> <dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>profileName</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies a name for the security profile.</dd>
<dd>The name can be a maximum of 32 alphanumeric characters. The first
character must not be a number.</dd>
<dd>After the profile is created, this name cannot be changed.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>TLSEnabled=True|False</dt>
<dd>Specifies whether to use (True) or not use (False) TLS on the
endpoint or endpoints that specify a security profile.</dd>
<dd>The default value is True.</dd>
<dd>If <parmname>TLSEnabled</parmname> is <codeph>True</codeph>, you
must first create a certificate profile to use with this security
profile.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>certProfileName</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the certificate profile to use with this
security profile. The certificate profile must exist and is required
when <parmname>TLSEnabled</parmname> is set to <codeph>True</codeph>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>minProtocolLevel</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the lowest level of protocol that is allowed when a
client connects to <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph>.</dd>
<dd>The value can be one of the following values:<ul>
<li>SSLv3</li>
<li>TLSv1</li>
<li>TLSv1.1</li>
<li>TLSv1.2</li>
</ul>The default value is TLSv1.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>cipherLevel</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the encryption algorithm that is used by the security
policy.</dd>
<dd>The value can be one of the following values:<ul>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>Best</dt>
<dd>The most secure cipher that is supported by the server and the
client.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Medium</dt>
<dd>The fastest high security cipher that is supported by the server
and the client.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Fast</dt>
<dd>The fastest medium or high security cipher that is supported by
server and the client.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
</ul>The default value is medium.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>UseClientCipher=True|False</dt>
<dd>Specifies whether to use (True) or not use (False) the cipher
setting of the client when it connects to <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph>.</dd>
<dd>The default value is false.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>UseClientCertificate=True|False</dt>
<dd>Specifies whether to use (True) or not use (False) client certificate
authentication.</dd>
<dd>The default value is False.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>UsePasswordAuthentication=True|False</dt>
<dd>Specifies whether to authenticate the user ID and password (True)
or not (False).</dd>
<dd>The default value is True.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>LTPA</dt>
<dd>Specifies the LTPA profile to use with this security profile.
The LTPA profile must exist.</dd>
<dd>If you specify this option, <parmname>UsePasswordAuthentication</parmname> must
be set to <codeph>True</codeph>. If you omit the <parmname>UsePasswordAuthentication</parmname> parameter
from the command, it is automatically set to <codeph>True</codeph>.</dd>
<dd>If you specify an LTPA profile, you cannot specify an OAuth profile
in the same security profile.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>OAuth</dt>
<dd>Specifies the OAuth profile to use with this security profile.
The OAuth profile must exist.</dd>
<dd>If you specify this option, <parmname>UsePasswordAuthentication</parmname> must
be set to <codeph>True</codeph>. If you omit the <parmname>UsePasswordAuthentication</parmname> parameter
from the command, it is automatically set to <codeph>True</codeph>.</dd>
<dd>If you specify an OAuth profile, you cannot specify an LTPA profile
in the same security profile.</dd>
</dlentry></dl>  </section>
<section> <title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg"
trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title><?Pub Caret 7?> <ul>
<li>The command must be capitalized as shown.</li>
<li>The command must use the double quotation marks as shown.</li>
</ul> </section>
<section><title>Example</title>Creates a security profile called <codeph>exampleSecProfile</codeph>:<codeblock><ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> imaserver create SecurityProfile "Name=exampleSecProfile" 
"CertificateProfile=exampleCertProfile"
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
<ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></codeblock></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1424963249 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000006012?>
