<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="PDFse00005_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>TLS overview</title>
<shortdesc>As an administrator, you can use certificate profiles and security profiles to configure TLS for <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> endpoints. </shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>TLS is controlled by the security profile that is associated with an endpoint. A security profile defines the security operations that are applied to a message flow. If TLS is enabled, the security profile must have an associated certificate profile that defines the server certificate to use. Server certificates protect against impersonation, certifying that a public key belongs to a specified entity. </p>
<p>You can also disable TLS in a security profile. You might consider disabling TLS for communication that occurs behind a firewall. For example, if TLS traffic is managed by load balancers, you might choose to disable TLS for communication between the load balancers and <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"
/>. Disabling TLS can lead to improved performance in <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"
/> when TLS is already operating on communication outside the firewall. For more information about how to disable and enable TLS in <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/>, see <xref
format="dita" href="PDFad00740_.dita" scope="local"/>.</p>
<p>TLS can be configured within an endpoint if the endpoint specifies a security profile. Endpoints are associated with message hubs and control how clients can connect to <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"
/>. Each endpoint can specify a security profile. The security profile determines the client authentication method and whether TLS is used. If TLS is enabled, then the TLS configuration settings in the security profile are used.</p>
<section>
<title>Replacing server certificates</title>
<p>If you need to replace a certificate, for example if the certificate is due to expire, you can upload a new certificate and associate it with the certificate profile that references the certificate that you need to replace.</p>
</section>
<?Pub Caret -1?>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000010185?>
