<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="TLSconfig" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring TLS in the security profile by using the command
line</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>System administrators can disable and enable in the security
profile by using the <cmdname>imaserver create SecurityProfile</cmdname> and <cmdname>imaserver
update SecurityProfile</cmdname>commands on the command line.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq> <p>If you need to enable TLS on an endpoint, you must create
a certificate profile before you can create a security profile. The
certificate profile defines the server certificate to use in the security
profile. For more information about creating a certificate profile,
see <cite>Configuring certificate profiles</cite> topic in the <cite>Administering</cite> section
of the <xref format="html"
href="http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSCGGQ_1.2.0/com.ibm.ism.doc/Administering/ad00710_.html"
scope="external"> <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Knowledge
Center</xref>.</p> </prereq>
<context> <p>The security profile defines the TLS and authentication
method that are applied to an endpoint. You can disable and enable
TLS in the security profile by using the <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>,
or by using the command line. A <parmname>TLSEnabled</parmname> parameter
is provided on the command line for you to specify whether TLS is
enabled.  </p>  <p>For more information about using the <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> to
disable and enable TLS, see <xref href="PDFad00741_.dita" scope="local"></xref>.</p> <p>For
more information about the other components that you must or can specify
when you create security profiles, see <xref format="dita"
href="PDFad00740_.dita" scope="local"></xref>.</p> </context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Create a security profile by entering the following command:</cmd>
<info> <p><codeph>imaserver create SecurityProfile "Name=<varname>profileName</varname>"
"TLSEnabled=True|False" "CertificateProfile=<varname>certProfileName</varname>"
"MinimumProtocolMethod=<varname>minLevel</varname>" "Ciphers=<varname>level</varname>"
"UseClientCipher=True|False" "UseClientCertificate=True|False" "UsePasswordAuthentication=True|False"
"LTPAProfile=<varname>LTPAProfileName</varname>" "OAuthProfile=<varname>OAuthProfileName</varname>" </codeph></p> <p>or</p> </info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Edit a security profile by entering the following command:</cmd>
<info> <p><codeph>imaserver update SecurityProfile "Name=<varname>profileName</varname>"
"TLSEnabled=True|False" "CertificateProfile=<varname>certProfileName</varname>"
"MinimumProtocolMethod=<varname>minLevel</varname>" "Ciphers=<varname>level</varname>"
"UseClientCipher=True|False" "UseClientCertificate=True|False" "UsePasswordAuthentication=True|False"
"LTPAProfile=<varname>ltpaProfileName</varname>" "OAuthProfile=<varname>OAuthProfileName</varname>" </codeph></p> <note>The
command must be capitalized as shown, and must use the double quotation
marks as shown.</note> </info><info>Where:<ul>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>TLSEnabled=True|False</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies whether to use (True) or not use (False) TLS on the
endpoint that is associated with the security profile.</dd>
<dd>To use the default value, True, on the<cmdname> imaserver create
SecurityProfile</cmdname> command, omit <codeph>"TLSEnabled=True|False"</codeph> from
the command and ensure that a certificate profile already exists to
use with the security profile.</dd>
<dd>If you set <parmname>TLSEnabled</parmname> to <codeph>True</codeph> on
the <cmdname> imaserver create SecurityProfile</cmdname> command,
ensure that a certificate profile already exists to use with the security
profile.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
</ul></info></step>
</steps>
<postreq>After you create a security profile, you must associate it
with an endpoint. For more information about creating endpoints and
message hubs, see the <cite>Configuring message hubs</cite> topic
in  <cite>Administering</cite> section of the <xref format="html"
href="http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSCGGQ_1.2.0/com.ibm.ism.doc/Administering/ad00360_.html"
scope="external"> <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Knowledge
Center</xref>.</postreq>
</taskbody>
<?tm 1424963249 2?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000004553?>
