<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>

<!DOCTYPE msg
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Message Reference//EN" "msgRef.dtd">
<msg xml:lang="en" id="CWLNA8242">
   <msgId outputclass="msgId">
      
      <msgNumber>CWLNA8242</msgNumber>
   
   </msgId>
   <titlealts>
      
      <searchtitle>8242</searchtitle>
   
   </titlealts>
   <msgText>
"MQTTClient" monitoring data, can be obtained using the 
"imaserver stat MQTTClient" command.
SYNTAX: 
imaserver stat MQTTClient help
imaserver stat MQTTClient ["ClientID=value"] ["ResultCount=value"] ["StatType=value"] ["FilePrefix=value"]
EXAMPLE: 
imaserver stat MQTTClient "ClientID=client01" "ResultCount=50" 
The valid options are:
ClientID         ClientID. Asterisk matches 0 or more characters.
                 The default value is *.
ResultCount      Number of returned results.
                 The valid options are 10,25,50,100.
                 The default value is 25.
StatType         The sort order in which results will be returned.
                 Specify from one of the following StatType:
                 The default StatType is "LastConnectedTimeOldest"
                     LastConnectedTimeOldest
FilePrefix       The prefix of the .CSV file that the result is saved to.
                 The file name contains the prefix, process ID, and timestamp.
                 If FilePrefix is not specified, then the result is 
                 displayed on the console.
NOTES:
1. Options are specified as "key=value" pairs.
2. All "Key=value" pair must be enclosed within double quotation marks.
3. MQTTClient can be deleted using "imaserver delete MQTTClient" command.
</msgText>
   <msgBody>
      <msgExplanation>

      
         <p>This message is the text of a command or an object help.</p>

   
      </msgExplanation>
      <msgUserResponse>

      
         <p>No action is required.</p>

   
      </msgUserResponse>
      <msgOther/>
   </msgBody>
</msg>