<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>

<!DOCTYPE msg
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Message Reference//EN" "msgRef.dtd">
<msg xml:lang="en" id="CWLNA8218">
   <msgId outputclass="msgId">
      
      <msgNumber>CWLNA8218</msgNumber>
   
   </msgId>
   <titlealts>
      
      <searchtitle>8218</searchtitle>
   
   </titlealts>
   <msgText>EnableHA                Specify if High Availability is enabled. 
                        Options:True,False  Default:False
Group                   Group is used to automatically configure 
                        appliances to pair with each other. The value
                        must be the same on both appliances. The maximum
                        length of this value is 128 characters. When this
                        value is set, replication and discovery 
                        addresses are not required.
StartupMode             Specify the mode that the node starts in.
                        Options:AutoDetect,StandAlone,  Default:AutoDetect
PreferredPrimary        Specify whether this node is the preferred primary.
                        Options:True,False  Default:False 
RemoteDiscoveryNIC      Specify the IP address of the NIC that is used 
                        for HA discovery on the remote node in the HA pair.
LocalDiscoveryNIC       Specify the IP address of the NIC that is used 
                        for HA discovery on the local node in the HA pair.
LocalReplicationNIC     Specify the IP address of the NIC that is used 
                        for HA replication on the local node in the HA pair.
DiscoveryTimeout        Specify the time in seconds within which an appliance
                        that is started in auto-detect mode must connect to
                        the other appliance in the HA pair. 
                        Options:10-2147483647  Default:600
HeartbeatTimeout        Specify the time in seconds within which an appliance
                        must determine whether the other appliance in 
                        the HA pair has failed.
                        Options:1-2147483647  Default:10 
</msgText>
   <msgBody>
      <msgExplanation>

      
         <p>This message is the text of a command or an object help.</p>

   
      </msgExplanation>
      <msgUserResponse>

      
         <p>No action is required.</p>

   
      </msgUserResponse>
      <msgOther/>
   </msgBody>
</msg>