<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>

<!DOCTYPE msg
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Message Reference//EN" "msgRef.dtd">
<msg xml:lang="en" id="CWLNA8764">
   <msgId outputclass="msgId">
      
      <msgNumber>CWLNA8764</msgNumber>
   
   </msgId>
   <titlealts>
      
      <searchtitle>8764</searchtitle>
   
   </titlealts>
   <msgText>EnableClusterMembership   Specifies whether Cluster support is enabled.
ClusterName               The name of the cluster.
UseMulticastDiscovery     Specify if server automatically joins any cluster
                           that has the same ClusterName.
MulticastDiscoveryTTL     When UseMulticastDiscovery is true, the number of
                          routers (hops) that multicast traffic is allowed
                          to pass through.
DiscoveryServerList       Comma-delimited list of members belonging to the
                          cluster this server wants to join. Required if
                          UseMulticastDiscovery is False. Each member must be
                          in the form serverUID@[ControlAddress]:ControlPort,
                          where the braces "[]" are used if the address is
                          IPv6.
ControlAddress            The IP Address of the control interface. Required
                          if EnableClusterMembership is True.
ControlPort               The port number to use for the ControlInterface.
                          Default is 9102.
ControlExternalAddress    The external IP Address or Hostname of the control
                          interface if different from ControlAddress.
ControlExternalPort       The external port number to use for the
                          ControlExternalAddress.
MessagingAddress          The IP Address of the messaging channel, if
                          different from the ControlAddress.
MessagingPort             The port number to use for the MessagingInterface,
                          must be different from the ControlPort.
MessagingExternalAddress  The external IP Address or Hostname of the messaging
                          channel if different from MessagingAddress.
MessagingExternalPort     The external port number to use for the
                          MessagingExternalAddress.
DiscoveryPort             Port number used for multicast discovery. This port
                          must be identical for all members of the cluster.
DiscoveryTime             The time, in seconds, spent during server start up
                           to discover other servers in the cluster and get
                           updated information from them. The valid range is
                           1 - 2147483647. The default is 10. This server
                           becomes an active member of the cluster after the
                           updated information is obtained or the discovery
                           timeout occurs, whichever occurs first.
</msgText>
   <msgBody>
      <msgExplanation>

      
         <p>This message is the text of a command help.</p>

   
      </msgExplanation>
      <msgUserResponse>

      
         <p>No action is required.</p>

   
      </msgUserResponse>
      <msgOther/>
   </msgBody>
</msg>