<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>

<!DOCTYPE msg
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Message Reference//EN" "msgRef.dtd">
<msg xml:lang="en" id="CWLNA8166">
   <msgId outputclass="msgId">
      
      <msgNumber>CWLNA8166</msgNumber>
   
   </msgId>
   <titlealts>
      
      <searchtitle>8166</searchtitle>
   
   </titlealts>
   <msgText>Name                  Name of the Endpoint 
Description           A description of the Endpoint 
Enabled               Specify state of Endpoint object 
                      Options:True,False  Default:True
Port                  Service port to listen on 
                      Options:1-65535
Protocol              Comma-delimited list of protocols
                      Options: JMS,MQTT
                      If there are any protocol plug-ins installed
                      on the IBM MessageSight server, you can specify
                      these as well.
                      Default:JMS,MQTT
Interface             An IPv4 address, an IPv6 address.
                      To specify all interfaces, use an asterisk,
                      or set "Interface=All".
                      Default:All
SecurityProfile       Name of the Security profile
ConnectionPolicies    Comma-delimited list of ConnectionPolicy object names
MessagingPolicies     Comma-delimited list of MessagingPolicy object names
MaxMessageSize        Maximum size of message.
                      The value must contain K, KB, M or MB suffix.
                      Options:1KB-262144KB Default:1024KB
MaxSendSize           The maximum size of a network send.
                      Options:128-65536
BatchMessages         Specify whether messages can be sent in batches.
                      Options:True,False  Default:True
</msgText>
   <msgBody>
      <msgExplanation>

      
         <p>This message is the text of a command or an object help.</p>

   
      </msgExplanation>
      <msgUserResponse>

      
         <p>No action is required.</p>

   
      </msgUserResponse>
      <msgOther/>
   </msgBody>
</msg>