<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>

<!DOCTYPE msg
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Message Reference//EN" "msgRef.dtd">
<msg xml:lang="en" id="CWLNA8239">
   <msgId outputclass="msgId">
      
      <msgNumber>CWLNA8239</msgNumber>
   
   </msgId>
   <titlealts>
      
      <searchtitle>8239</searchtitle>
   
   </titlealts>
   <msgText>
"Subscription" monitoring data, can be obtained using the 
"imaserver stat Subscription" command.
SYNTAX: 
imaserver stat Subscription help
imaserver stat Subscription "SubName=value" "TopicString=value" "ClientID=value" "MessagingPolicy=value" "ResultCount=value" "SubType=value" "StatType=value" "FilePrefix=value"
EXAMPLE: 
imaserver stat Subscription "ResultCount=50" "StatType=PublishedMsgsHighest" 
The valid options are:
SubName             Subscription name. Asterisk matches 0 or more characters.
                    The default value is *.
TopicString         Topic name. Asterisk matches 0 or more character rule
                    for matching is allowed.
                    The default value is *.
ClientID            Client ID. Asterisk matches 0 or more character rule
                    for matching is allowed.
                    The default value is *.
MessagingPolicy     Messaging policy. Asterisk matches 0 or more character rule
                    for matching is allowed.
                    The default value is *.
ResultCount         Number of returned results.
                    The valid options are 10,25,50,100.
                    The default value is 25.
SubType             The type of subscription.
                    The valid values are "Durable", "Nondurable" and "All".
                    The default value is "All".
StatType            The sort order in which results will be returned.
                    Specify from one of the following StatTypes:
                    The default StatType is "PublishedMsgsHighest"
                         PublishedMsgsHighest
                         PublishedMsgsLowest
                         BufferedMsgsHighest
                         BufferedMsgsLowest
                         BufferedPercentHighest
                         BufferedPercentLowest
                         BufferedHWMPercentHighest
                         BufferedHWMPercentLowest
                         RejectedMsgsHighest
                         RejectedMsgsLowest
                         DiscardedMsgsHighest
                         DiscardedMsgsLowest
                         ExpiredMsgsHighest
                         ExpiredMsgsLowest
FilePrefix          The prefix of the .CSV file that the result is saved to.
                    The file name contains the prefix, process ID, and timestamp.
                    If FilePrefix is not specified, then the result is 
                    displayed on the console.
NOTES:
1. Options are specified as "key=value" pairs.
2. All "Key=value" pair must be enclosed within double quotation marks.
</msgText>
   <msgBody>
      <msgExplanation>

      
         <p>This message is the text of a command or an object help.</p>

   
      </msgExplanation>
      <msgUserResponse>

      
         <p>No action is required.</p>

   
      </msgUserResponse>
      <msgOther/>
   </msgBody>
</msg>