<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>

<!DOCTYPE msg
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Message Reference//EN" "msgRef.dtd">
<msg xml:lang="en" id="CWLNA8569">
   <msgId outputclass="msgId">
      
      <msgNumber>CWLNA8569</msgNumber>
   
   </msgId>
   <titlealts>
      
      <searchtitle>8569</searchtitle>
   
   </titlealts>
   <msgText>XA transactions coordinated by an external transaction manager can be monitored by using the 
"imaserver stat Transaction" command.
SYNTAX: 
imaserver stat Transaction help
imaserver stat Transaction "XID=value" "ResultCount=value" "StatType=value"  "TranState=value" "FilePrefix=value"
EXAMPLE: 
imaserver stat Transaction "StatType=LastStateChangeTime" 
The valid options are:
XID              The XA transaction branch identifier. Asterisk matches 0 or more characters.
                 The default value is *.
ResultCount      Number of returned results.
                 The valid options are 10,25,50,100.
                 The default value is 25.
StatType         The sort order in which results are returned.
                 Specify the following StatType:
                      LastStateChangeTime
                 The default StatType is "LastStateChangeTime"
TranState        The state of transactions that are to be included in the results.
                 The valid options are:
                      Prepared
                      HeuristicCommit
                      HeuristicRollback
                      Heuristic
                      All
                 The default value is "All".
FilePrefix       The prefix of the .CSV file that the result is saved to.
                 The file name contains the prefix, process ID, and timestamp.
                 If FilePrefix is not specified, then the result is 
                 displayed on the console.
NOTES:
1. Specify each option as a "key=value" pair.
2. Enclose each key=value pair within double quotation marks.
</msgText>
   <msgBody>
      <msgExplanation>

      
         <p>This message is the text of a command or an object help.</p>

   
      </msgExplanation>
      <msgUserResponse>

      
         <p>No action is required.</p>

   
      </msgUserResponse>
      <msgOther/>
   </msgBody>
</msg>