<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>

<!DOCTYPE msg
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Message Reference//EN" "msgRef.dtd">
<msg xml:lang="en" id="CWLNA8161">
   <msgId outputclass="msgId">
      
      <msgNumber>CWLNA8161</msgNumber>
   
   </msgId>
   <titlealts>
      
      <searchtitle>8161</searchtitle>
   
   </titlealts>
   <msgText>Usage:    ismserver export help
           ismserver export URL Object=Connection Name=value Type=type
           ismserver export URL Object=Connection Kind=volume
 Supported options for Connection level monitoring statistics:
 Kind      Kind of statistics. Valid kinds is "volume". If Kind is specified, Name and Type will be ignored.
 Name      Name of an Endpoint.
 Type      The endpoint's monitoring data type. The valid types are:
           NewestConnection
           NewestConnection
           HighestThruputMsgs
           LowestThruputMsgs
           HighestThruputKB
           LowestThruputKB

 Supported options for Endpoint level monitoring statistics:
 Kind      Kind of statistics. Valid kinds are "current","historical".
           connect_active    -- Currently active connections
           connect_count     -- Connection count since reset
           bad_connect_count -- Count of connections which have failed to connect since reset
           lost_msg_count    -- Count of messages lost for size or queue depth
           warn_msg_count    -- Count of messages lost for size or queue depth for some but not all destinations
           read_msg_count    -- Message count since reset
           read_bytes_count  -- Bytes count since reset
           write_msg_count   -- Message count since reset
           write_bytes_count -- Bytes count since reset
 Duration  The time (in second) span of data to be collected.</msgText>
   <msgBody>
      <msgExplanation>

      
         <p>This message is the text of a command or an object help.</p>

   
      </msgExplanation>
      <msgUserResponse>

      
         <p>No action is required.</p>

   
      </msgUserResponse>
      <msgOther/>
   </msgBody>
</msg>