<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>

<!DOCTYPE msg
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Message Reference//EN" "msgRef.dtd">
<msg xml:lang="en" id="CWLNA8240">
   <msgId outputclass="msgId">
      
      <msgNumber>CWLNA8240</msgNumber>
   
   </msgId>
   <titlealts>
      
      <searchtitle>8240</searchtitle>
   
   </titlealts>
   <msgText>
"Queue" monitoring data, can be obtained using the 
"imaserver stat Queue" command.
SYNTAX: 
imaserver stat Queue help
imaserver stat Queue ["Name=value"] ["ResultCount=value"] "StatType=value" ["FilePrefix=value"]
EXAMPLE: 
imaserver stat Queue "ResultCount=50" "StatType=BufferedMsgsLowest" 
The valid options are:
Name               Queue name. Asterisk matches 0 or more characters.
                   The default value is *.
ResultCount        Number of returned results.
                   The valid options are 10,25,50,100.
                   The default value is 25.
StatType           The sort order in which results will be returned.
                   Specify from one of the following StatTypes:
                   The default StatType is "BufferedMsgsHighest"
                        BufferedMsgsHighest
                        BufferedMsgsLowest
                        BufferedPercentHighest
                        BufferedPercentLowest
                        BufferedHWMPercentHighest
                        BufferedHWMPercentLowest
                        ProducedMsgsHighest
                        ProducedMsgsLowest
                        ConsumedMsgsHighest
                        ConsumedMsgsLowest
                        ConsumersHighest
                        ConsumersLowest
                        ProducersHighest
                        ProducersLowest
                        ExpiredMsgsHighest
                        ExpiredMsgsLowest
FilePrefix         The prefix of the .CSV file that the result is saved to.
                   The file name contains the prefix, process ID, and timestamp.
                   If FilePrefix is not specified, then the result is 
                   displayed on the console.
NOTES:
1. Options are specified as "key=value" pairs.
2. All "Key=value" pair must be enclosed within double quotation marks.
</msgText>
   <msgBody>
      <msgExplanation>

      
         <p>This message is the text of a command or an object help.</p>

   
      </msgExplanation>
      <msgUserResponse>

      
         <p>No action is required.</p>

   
      </msgUserResponse>
      <msgOther/>
   </msgBody>
</msg>