<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>

<!DOCTYPE msg
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Message Reference//EN" "msgRef.dtd">
<msg xml:lang="en" id="CWLNA8431">
   <msgId outputclass="msgId">
      
      <msgNumber>CWLNA8431</msgNumber>
   
   </msgId>
   <titlealts>
      
      <searchtitle>8431</searchtitle>
   
   </titlealts>
   <msgText>Returns store usage data related to messaging.
SYNTAX: 
imaserver stat Store help
imaserver stat Store &lt;Options&gt;
EXAMPLE: 
imaserver stat Store
imaserver stat Store "SubType=MemoryDetail" 
imaserver stat Store "SubType=History" 
imaserver stat Store "SubType=History" "StatType=MemoryUsedPercent"
imaserver stat Store "SubType=History" "StatType=MemoryUsedPercent,DiskUsedPercent"
The valid options are:
SubType          Type of store data.
                 The following values are valid:
                       Current
                       History
                       MemoryDetail
                 The default value is "Current".
Duration         The timespan of the data to be collected, in seconds.
                 Enter a value in the range 1 - 86400.
                 The default value is 1800.
StatType         Comma-delimited list of memory monitoring data type
                 to return when SubType is set to "History".
                 The following values are valid:
                      DiskUsedPercent
                      DiskFreeBytes
                      MemoryUsedPercent
                      MemoryTotalBytes
                      Pool1TotalBytes
                      Pool1UsedBytes
                      Pool1UsedPercent
                      Pool1RecordsLimitBytes
                      Pool1RecordsUsedBytes
                      ClientStatesBytes
                      SubscriptionsBytes
                      TopicsBytes
                      TransactionsBytes
                      QueuesBytes
                      MQConnectivityBytes
                      Pool2TotalBytes
                      Pool2UsedBytes
                      Pool2UsedPercent
                      IncomingMessageAcksBytes
                 The default value is "DiskUsedPercent".
FilePrefix       The prefix of the .CSV file that the result is saved to.
                 The file name contains the prefix, process ID, and timestamp.
                 If FilePrefix is not specified, then the result is 
                 displayed on the console.
NOTES:
1. Options are specified as "key=value" pairs.
2. Each "Key=value" pair must be enclosed within double quotation marks.
3. If monitoring data for a particular StatType is not available,
   a value of -1 is returned.
4. The default StatType value is "DiskUsedPercent". For compatibility
   with previous versions, the returned header is "StoreDiskUsagePct".
</msgText>
   <msgBody>
      <msgExplanation>

      
         <p>This message is the text of a command or an object help.</p>

   
      </msgExplanation>
      <msgUserResponse>

      
         <p>No action is required.</p>

   
      </msgUserResponse>
      <msgOther/>
   </msgBody>
</msg>