<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>

<!DOCTYPE msg
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Message Reference//EN" "msgRef.dtd">
<msg xml:lang="en" id="CWLNA8244">
   <msgId outputclass="msgId">
      
      <msgNumber>CWLNA8244</msgNumber>
   
   </msgId>
   <titlealts>
      
      <searchtitle>8244</searchtitle>
   
   </titlealts>
   <msgText>
"Endpoint" level monitoring data, can be obtained using the 
"imaserver stat Endpoint" command.  The monitoring data is based on predefined 
queries. The queries that monitoring process uses to perform calculations 
and gather data, are cached and refreshed on a periodic basis.
imaserver stat Endpoint &lt;Options&gt;
SYNTAX: 
imaserver stat Endpoint help
imaserver stat Endpoint "Name=value" "SubType=value" ["Duration=value"] "StatType=value" ["FilePrefix=value"]
EXAMPLE: 
imaserver stat Endpoint "Name=DemoEndpoint" "SubType=History" "StatType=ReadBytes" 
The valid options are:
Name             Name of the endpoint. If the Name is not specified,
                 aggregate statistics for all endpoints will be returned.
SubType          Type of Endpoint Data.
                 The valid values are "Current" and "History".
                 The default value is "Current".
Duration         The timespan (in seconds) of the data to be collected.
                 Enter a value in the range 1 - 86400.
                 The default value is 1800.
StatType         The type of endpoint monitoring data 
                 when SubType is set to "History".
                 Specify one of the following StatTypes:
                 The default StateType is "ActiveConnections".
                      ActiveConnections
                      Connections
                      BadConnections
                      LostMsgs
                      WarnMsgs
                      ReadMsgs
                      ReadBytes
                      WriteMsgs
                      WriteBytes
FilePrefix       The prefix of the .CSV file that the result is saved to.
                 The file name contains the prefix, process ID, and timestamp.
                 If FilePrefix is not specified, then the result is 
                 displayed on the console.
NOTES:
1. Options are specified as "key=value" pairs.
2. All "Key=value" pair must be enclosed within double quotation marks.
</msgText>
   <msgBody>
      <msgExplanation>

      
         <p>This message is the text of a command or an object help.</p>

   
      </msgExplanation>
      <msgUserResponse>

      
         <p>No action is required.</p>

   
      </msgUserResponse>
      <msgOther/>
   </msgBody>
</msg>