<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>

<!DOCTYPE msg
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Message Reference//EN" "msgRef.dtd">
<msg xml:lang="en" id="CWLNA8257">
   <msgId outputclass="msgId">
      
      <msgNumber>CWLNA8257</msgNumber>
   
   </msgId>
   <titlealts>
      
      <searchtitle>8257</searchtitle>
   
   </titlealts>
   <msgText>Enabled                Specify if external LDAP is enabled. 
                       The valid values are True and False. 
                       The default value is True. 
URL                    URL to connect to the LDAP server, including protocol.
BindDN                 Distinguished name to use when binding to LDAP.
                       For anonymous bind, leave blank.
BindPassword           Password to use when binding to LDAP.
                       For anonymous bind, leave blank.
MaxConnections         This function has been deprecated as of MessageSight 1.2.0.1.
Timeout                Timeout for LDAP calls in seconds.
                       The valid values are from 1 to 60.
                       The default value is 10.
EnableCache            Specify if authentication result should be cached.
                       The valid values are True and False
                       The default value is True.
CacheTimeout           Authentication result cache time to live in seconds.
                       The valid values are from 1 to 60.
                       The default value is 10.
GroupCacheTimeout      Group cache time to live in seconds.
                       The valid values are from 1 to 86400.
                       The default value is 300.
IgnoreCase             Whether to ignore case or not for LDAP search.
                       The value values are True and False. 
                       The default value is True. 
BaseDN                 Base distinguished name.
UserSuffix             User distinguished name suffix to search for.
                       If not specified, search for the user
                       distinguished name using the UserIdMap,
                       then bind with that distinguished name.
GroupSuffix            Group distinguished name suffix.
UserIdMap              User LDAP Object ID map.
GroupIdMap             Group LDAP Object ID map.
GroupMemberIdMap       Group Member attribute ID Map.
NestedGroupSearch      Whether to perform nested group search when
                       searching for group membership of a user.
                       The valid values are True and False
                       The default value is False.
</msgText>
   <msgBody>
      <msgExplanation>

      
         <p>This message is the text of a command or an object help.</p>

   
      </msgExplanation>
      <msgUserResponse>

      
         <p>No action is required.</p>

   
      </msgUserResponse>
      <msgOther/>
   </msgBody>
</msg>