<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>

<!DOCTYPE msg
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Message Reference//EN" "msgRef.dtd">
<msg xml:lang="en" id="CWLNA8243">
   <msgId outputclass="msgId">
      
      <msgNumber>CWLNA8243</msgNumber>
   
   </msgId>
   <titlealts>
      
      <searchtitle>8243</searchtitle>
   
   </titlealts>
   <msgText>
"Connection" level monitoring data, can be obtained using the 
"imaserver stat Connection" command. The monitoring data is based on predefined 
queries. The queries that monitoring process uses to perform calculations 
and gather data, are cached and refreshed on a periodic basis.
imaserver stat Connection &lt;Options&gt;
SYNTAX: 
imaserver stat Connection help
imaserver stat Connection "Endpoint=value" "StatType=value" "FilePrefix=value"
EXAMPLE: 
imaserver stat Connection "StatType=HighestThroughputMsgs" 
The valid options are:
Endpoint         Endpoint name. If the Endpoint is not specified,
                 all endpoint data will be returned.
StatType         The sort order in which results will be returned.
                 Specify from one of the following StatTypes:
                 The default StatType is "NewestConnection"
                      NewestConnection
                      OldestConnection
                      HighestThroughputMsgs
                      LowestThroughputMsgs
                      HighestThroughputKB
                      LowestThroughputKB
FilePrefix       The prefix of the .CSV file that the result is saved to.
                 The file name contains the prefix, process ID, and timestamp.
                 If FilePrefix is not specified, then the result is 
                 displayed on the console.
NOTES:
1. Options are specified as "key=value" pairs.
2. All "Key=value" pair must be enclosed within double quotation marks.
</msgText>
   <msgBody>
      <msgExplanation>

      
         <p>This message is the text of a command or an object help.</p>

   
      </msgExplanation>
      <msgUserResponse>

      
         <p>No action is required.</p>

   
      </msgUserResponse>
      <msgOther/>
   </msgBody>
</msg>