<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>

<!DOCTYPE msg
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Message Reference//EN" "msgRef.dtd">
<msg xml:lang="en" id="CWLNA8209">
   <msgId outputclass="msgId">
      
      <msgNumber>CWLNA8209</msgNumber>
   
   </msgId>
   <titlealts>
      
      <searchtitle>8209</searchtitle>
   
   </titlealts>
   <msgText>The IBM MessageSight server can be restored by using the "restore" option
of the "imaserver" command. The IBM MessageSight store can be optionally
restored from an FTP or SCP server.

SYNTAX:
imaserver restore help
imaserver restore &lt;Options&gt;

EXAMPLE:
imaserver restore "Name=imaserver_backup" "Password=backpwd"
imaserver restore "Name=imaserver_full_backup" "Password=backpwd" "Appliance=true"
imaserver restore "Name=imaserver_backup" "Password=backpwd" "TestVersion=true"
imaserver restore "Name=imaserver_backup" "Password=backpwd"
                  "StoreSourceURL=scp://yyy.yyy.yyy.yyy/store_backup"
                  "StoreSourceUserID=aaaaa" "StoreSourcePassword=bbbbb"

The valid options are:
Name                      The restore file name.
Password                  The password for the restore file decryption.
Appliance                 The option to restore all of the appliance configurations.
TestVersion               The option to test whether the restore file is compatible.
StoreSourceURL            The optional location of the store backup file.
StoreSourceUserID         The user ID to access the store backup file location.
StoreSourcePassword       The password to access the store backup file location.
NOTES:
1. "Name", "Password" are required items.
2. Options are specified as "key=value" pairs.
3. Each "Key=value" pair must be enclosed within double quotation marks.
4. If "Appliance=true" is specified, all of the appliance settings,
   including its network interfaces, ntp server, timezone settings will be restored.
   By default, appliance settings will not be restored from the backup.
5. The "restore" operation can be performed only by the system
   administrator "admin".
6. The "restore" operation requires that the IBM MessageSight server is in 
   maintenance mode. Use the "imaserver runmode maintenance" command
   to set the IBM MessageSight server to maintenance mode.
7. If "TestVersion=true" is specified, the "Appliance" setting is ignored.
   This option tests the compatibility of the restore file.
   It does not restore the IBM MessageSight server.
8. "StoreSourceURL", "StoreSourceUserID" and "StoreSourcePassword"
   must all be specified to restore the store.
9. The "StoreSourceURL" value must specify either the FTP or SCP protocol 
   and must include the file name.
</msgText>
   <msgBody>
      <msgExplanation>

      
         <p>This message is the text of a command or an object help.</p>

   
      </msgExplanation>
      <msgUserResponse>

      
         <p>No action is required.</p>

   
      </msgUserResponse>
      <msgOther/>
   </msgBody>
</msg>