<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>

<!DOCTYPE msg
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Message Reference//EN" "msgRef.dtd">
<msg xml:lang="en" id="CWLNA8241">
   <msgId outputclass="msgId">
      
      <msgNumber>CWLNA8241</msgNumber>
   
   </msgId>
   <titlealts>
      
      <searchtitle>8241</searchtitle>
   
   </titlealts>
   <msgText>
"Topic" monitoring data, can be obtained using the 
"imaserver stat Topic" command.
SYNTAX: 
imaserver stat Topic help
imaserver stat Topic ["TopicString=value"] ["ResultCount=value"] "StatType=value" ["FilePrefix=value"]
EXAMPLE: 
imaserver stat Topic "TopicString=topic01" "ResultCount=50" "StatType=SubscriptionsHighest" 
The valid options are:
TopicString       Topic name. Asterisk matches 0 or more characters.
                  The default value is *.
ResultCount       Number of returned results.
                  The valid options are 10,25,50,100,All.
                  The default value is 25.
                  If "All" is specified, StatType is ignored and
                  an un-sorted list is returned.
StatType          The sort order in which results will be returned.
                  Specify from one of the following StatTypes:
                  The default StatType is "PublishedMsgsHighest"
                       PublishedMsgsHighest
                       PublishedMsgsLowest
                       SubscriptionsHighest
                       SubscriptionsLowest
                       RejectedMsgsHighest
                       RejectedMsgsLowest
                       FailedPublishesHighest
                       FailedPublishesLowest
FilePrefix        The prefix of the .CSV file that the result is saved to.
                  The file name contains the prefix, process ID, and timestamp.
                  If FilePrefix is not specified, then the result is 
                  displayed on the console.
NOTES:
1. Options are specified as "key=value" pairs.
2. All "Key=value" pair must be enclosed within double quotation marks.
</msgText>
   <msgBody>
      <msgExplanation>

      
         <p>This message is the text of a command or an object help.</p>

   
      </msgExplanation>
      <msgUserResponse>

      
         <p>No action is required.</p>

   
      </msgUserResponse>
      <msgOther/>
   </msgBody>
</msg>