<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>

<!DOCTYPE msg
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Message Reference//EN" "msgRef.dtd">
<msg xml:lang="en" id="CWLNA8267">
   <msgId outputclass="msgId">
      
      <msgNumber>CWLNA8267</msgNumber>
   
   </msgId>
   <titlealts>
      
      <searchtitle>8267</searchtitle>
   
   </titlealts>
   <msgText>
"DestinationMappingRule" monitoring data, can be obtained using the 
"imaserver stat DestinationMappingRule" command.
SYNTAX: 
imaserver stat DestinationMappingRule help
imaserver stat DestinationMappingRule &lt;Options&gt;
EXAMPLE: 
imaserver stat DestinationMappingRule "ResultCount=50" "StatType=CommitCount" 
The valid options are:
Name           Name of mapping rule. Asterisk matches 0 or more characters.
               The default value is *.
ResultCount    Number of returned results.
               The valid options are 10,25,50,100.
               The default value is 25.
StatType       The type of monitoring data returned.
               Specify from one of the following StatTypes:
               The default StatType is "CommitCount"
                    CommitCount
                    RollbackCount
                    PersistentCount
                    NonpersistentCount
                    CommittedMessageCount
                    Status
RuleType       The type of monitoring data to use for selecting the mapping rules.
               The valid options are:
               The default value is "Any".
                    IMATopicToMQQueue
                    IMATopicToMQTopic
                    MQQueueToIMATopic
                    MQTopicToIMATopic
                    IMATopicSubtreeToMQQueue
                    IMATopicSubtreeToMQTopic
                    IMATopicSubtreeToMQTopicSubtree
                    MQTopicSubtreeToIMATopic
                    MQTopicSubtreeToIMATopicSubtree
                    IMAQueueToMQQueue
                    IMAQueueToMQTopic
                    MQQueueToIMAQueue
                    MQTopicToIMAQueue
                    MQTopicSubtreeToIMAQueue
                    Any
Association    Name of associated QueueManagerConnection.
               The default value is * (which displays associations 
               for all QueueManagerConnections)
FilePrefix     The prefix of the .CSV file that the result is saved to.
               The file name contains the prefix, process ID, and timestamp.
               If FilePrefix is not specified, then the result is 
               displayed on the console.
NOTES:
1. Options are specified as "key=value" pairs.
2. All "Key=value" pair must be enclosed within double quotation marks.
</msgText>
   <msgBody>
      <msgExplanation>

      
         <p>This message is the text of a command or an object help.</p>

   
      </msgExplanation>
      <msgUserResponse>

      
         <p>No action is required.</p>

   
      </msgUserResponse>
      <msgOther/>
   </msgBody>
</msg>