<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>

<!DOCTYPE msg
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Message Reference//EN" "msgRef.dtd">
<msg xml:lang="en" id="CWLNA8164">
   <msgId outputclass="msgId">
      
      <msgNumber>CWLNA8164</msgNumber>
   
   </msgId>
   <titlealts>
      
      <searchtitle>8164</searchtitle>
   
   </titlealts>
   <msgText>Applies a previously uploaded certificate or pre-shared key file to the server.
SYNTAX: 
imaserver apply Certificate help
imaserver apply Certificate "Item=value" ...
imaserver apply PreSharedKey "Item=value"
EXAMPLE: 
imaserver apply Certificate "CertFileName=server1.cert" "CertFilePassword=pwd4cert" "KeyFileName=server1.key" "KeyFilePassword=pwd4key"
imaserver apply Certificate "MQSSLKey=mqconnectivity.kdb" "MQStashPassword=mqconnectivity.sth" 
imaserver apply Certificate "LDAPCertificate=imaldap.cert" 
imaserver apply Certificate "TrustedCertificate=imaca.pem" "SecurityProfileName=demoSecProf"
imaserver apply PreSharedKey "PSKFile=pskfile.csv"
The valid configuration items are:
For server certificate:
CertFileName              Name of the certificate file.
CertFilePassword          Password for the certificate file.
KeyFileName               Name of the identification key file.
KeyFilePassword           Password of the identification key file.
Overwrite                 Overwrite if the CertFileName and KeyFileName exist.
                          Options:True,False. Default:False.
NOTES:
1. "CertFileName", "KeyFileName" are required items.
2. All "Key=value" pair must be enclosed within double quotation marks.
3. If you overwrite an existing server certificate and keyfile that is
   in use by a CertificateProfile, you must update that CertificateProfile
   by running "imaserver update CertificateProfile"
For MQ Connectivity certificate:
MQSSLKey                  Name of the certificate file.
MQStashPassword           Password for the certificate file.
Overwrite                 Overwrite if the MQSSLKey and MQStashPassword exist.
                          Options:True,False. Default:False.
NOTES:
1. "MQSSLKey", "MQStashPassword" are required items.
2. All "Key=value" pair must be enclosed within double quotation marks.
For LDAP certificate:
LDAPCertificate           Name of the LDAP certificate.
Overwrite                 Overwrite if the LDAPCertificate exists.
                          Options:True,False. Default:False.
NOTES:
1. "LDAPCertificate" is a required item.
2. All "Key=value" pair must be enclosed within double quotation marks.
3. The IBM MessageSight server must be restarted.
For trusted certificate:
TrustedCertificate        Name of the IBM MessageSight trusted certificate.
SecurityProfileName       Name of the security profile name.
Overwrite                 Overwrite if the TrustedCertificate exists.
                          Options:True,False. Default:False.
NOTES:
1. "TrustedCertificate", "SecurityProfileName" are required items.
2. All "Key=value" pair must be enclosed within double quotation marks.
For pre-shared key file:
PSKFile                   Name of the pre-shared key file.
NOTES:
2. All "Key=value" pair must be enclosed within double quotation marks.
</msgText>
   <msgBody>
      <msgExplanation>

      
         <p>This message is the text of a command or an object help.</p>

   
      </msgExplanation>
      <msgUserResponse>

      
         <p>No action is required.</p>

   
      </msgUserResponse>
      <msgOther/>
   </msgBody>
</msg>