<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>

<!DOCTYPE msg
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Message Reference//EN" "msgRef.dtd">
<msg xml:lang="en" id="CWLNA8430">
   <msgId outputclass="msgId">
      
      <msgNumber>CWLNA8430</msgNumber>
   
   </msgId>
   <titlealts>
      
      <searchtitle>8430</searchtitle>
   
   </titlealts>
   <msgText>Returns memory usage data related to messaging.
SYNTAX: 
imaserver stat Memory help
imaserver stat Memory &lt;Options&gt;
EXAMPLE: 
imaserver stat Memory
imaserver stat Memory "SubType=History" 
imaserver stat Memory "SubType=History" "StatType=MemoryFreePercent"
imaserver stat Memory "SubType=History" "StatType=MemoryFreePercent,PublishSubscribe"

The valid options are:
SubType          Type of memory data.
                 The following values are valid:
                       Current
                       History
                 The default value is "Current".
Duration         The timespan of the data to be collected, in seconds.
                 Enter a value in the range 1 - 86400.
                 The default value is 1800.
StatType         Comma-delimited list of memory monitoring data type
                 to return when SubType is set to "History".
                 The following values are valid:
                      MemoryTotalBytes
                      MemoryFreeBytes
                      MemoryFreePercent
                      ServerVirtualMemoryBytes
                      ServerResidentSetBytes
                      MessagePayloads
                      PublishSubscribe
                      Destinations
                      CurrentActivity
                      ClientStates
                 The default value is "MemoryTotalBytes".
FilePrefix       The prefix of the .CSV file that the result is saved to.
                 The file name contains the prefix, process ID, and timestamp.
                 If FilePrefix is not specified, then the result is 
                 displayed on the console.
NOTES:
1. Options are specified as "key=value" pairs.
2. All "Key=value" pairs must be enclosed within double quotation marks.
3. If the monitoring data for a particular StatType is not available,
   the output for that data is set to -1.
</msgText>
   <msgBody>
      <msgExplanation>

      
         <p>This message is the text of a command or an object help.</p>

   
      </msgExplanation>
      <msgUserResponse>

      
         <p>No action is required.</p>

   
      </msgUserResponse>
      <msgOther/>
   </msgBody>
</msg>