<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>

<!DOCTYPE msg
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Message Reference//EN" "msgRef.dtd">
<msg xml:lang="en" id="CWLNA1116">
   <msgId outputclass="msgId">
      
      <msgNumber>CWLNA1116</msgNumber>
   
   </msgId>
   <titlealts>
      
      <searchtitle>1116</searchtitle>
   
   </titlealts>
   <msgText>Closing TCP connection during handshake: ConnectionID={0} From={8} Endpoint={1} RC={2} Reason={4} Uptime={5} ReadBytes={6} WriteBytes={7}.
</msgText>
   <msgBody>
      <msgExplanation>

      
         <p>The Message Gateway server is closing a TCP connection during the handshake with the client.
This indicates that a TCP connection was started but did not complete all start of connection processing.
When a connection is started we need to complete the TCP, SSL/TLS, and protocol handshakes before the
connection can process messages.
There are several problems which can cause this and the reason string can help tell which is the problem.</p>

      
         <ul>

         
            <li>The client does not send any data or disconnects before completing the protocol handshake.</li>

         
            <li>There is a network failure or the network is not configured correctly.</li>

         
            <li>The transport security (SSL/TLS) is not configured correctly or a secure connection could not be established.</li>

      
         </ul>

   
      </msgExplanation>
      <msgUserResponse>

      
         <p>Examine the reason code to determine the reason for the disconnect.
Ensure that the client and server are correctly configured.
Ensure that the client and server SSL/TLS configuration matches.</p>

   
      </msgUserResponse>
      <msgOther>
      
         <p>
         
            <b>Category: </b>Connection</p>
   
      </msgOther>
   </msgBody>
</msg>