<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>

<!DOCTYPE msg
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Message Reference//EN" "msgRef.dtd">
<msg xml:lang="en" id="CWLNA8386">
   <msgId outputclass="msgId">
      
      <msgNumber>CWLNA8386</msgNumber>
   
   </msgId>
   <titlealts>
      
      <searchtitle>8386</searchtitle>
   
   </titlealts>
   <msgText>NOTES:
1. "Name" is a required item.
2. All "Key=value" pair must be enclosed within double quotation marks.
3. For Destination an asterisk (*) can be used to match 0 or 
   more characters, including slash (/). Use asterisk (*) with caution
   because it can match multiple levels in a topic tree.
4. By default the configuration items related to selection
   criteria, ClientAddress, ClientID, UserID,
   GroupID, CommonNames, and Protocol are disabled.
   One of the selection criteria must be specified 
   to update a "MessagingPolicy".
5. To disable a selection criteria that is in use,
   set the configuration item to an empty string.
   For example, "ClientID="
6. For ClientID, UserID, GroupID, and CommonNames configuration
   items, a single asterisk (*), specified at the end of the value, 
   can be used to match 0 or more characters.
   For example, "UserID=*" or "ClientID=TestClient*" are valid. 
   "GroupID=*sales" or "ClientID=Test*Client" are not valid. 
7. The Client IP Address can contain an asterisk (*) or
   a comma-delimited list of IPv4 or IPv6 addresses or ranges,
   For example, 9.3.41.32,10.10.1.1-10.10.1.100. 
   IPv6 addresses must be enclosed in square brackets.
   For example, [2001:db8::]
8. If "MaxMessages" is updated, the new value will be used for
   new subscriptions. The messaging service will continue to use
   old value of "MaxMessages" for existing subscriptions. 
9. Use "imaserver list Plugin" to get a list of
   installed Protocol plug-ins.
10. The value of DestinationType cannot be changed.
</msgText>
   <msgBody>
      <msgExplanation>

      
         <p>This message is the text of a command or an object help.</p>

   
      </msgExplanation>
      <msgUserResponse>

      
         <p>No action is required.</p>

   
      </msgUserResponse>
      <msgOther/>
   </msgBody>
</msg>