<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>

<!DOCTYPE msg
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Message Reference//EN" "msgRef.dtd">
<msg xml:lang="en" id="CWLNA8183">
   <msgId outputclass="msgId">
      
      <msgNumber>CWLNA8183</msgNumber>
   
   </msgId>
   <titlealts>
      
      <searchtitle>8183</searchtitle>
   
   </titlealts>
   <msgText>The IBM MessageSight server can be backed up by using the "backup" option
of the "imaserver" command. The IBM MessageSight store can be optionally
backed up to an FTP or SCP server.

SYNTAX:
imaserver backup help
imaserver backup &lt;Options&gt;

EXAMPLE:
imaserver backup "Password=backpwd"
imaserver backup "Password=backpwd" "StoreDestinationURL=scp://yyy.yyy.yyy.yyy/store_backup"
                 "StoreDestinationUserID=aaaaa" "StoreDestinationPassword=bbbbb"

The valid options are:
Password                  The password for the backup encryption.
StoreDestinationURL       The optional remote destination for the store 
                          backup file.
StoreDestinationUserID    The user ID to access the remote destination.
StoreDestinationPassword  The password to access the remote destination.
NOTES:
1. "Password" is a required item.
2. Options are specified as "key=value" pairs.
3. Each "Key=value" pair must be enclosed within double quotation marks.
4. The "backup" operation can be performed only by the system
   administrator "admin".
5. The "backup" operation requires that the IBM MessageSight server is 
   in maintenance mode. Use "imaserver runmode maintenance" command
   to set IBM MessageSight server to maintenance mode.
6. "StoreDestinationURL", "StoreDestinationUserID" and "StoreDestinationPassword"
   must all be specified to back up the store.
7. The "StoreDestinationURL" value must specify either the FTP or SCP 
   protocol and must include the file name.
</msgText>
   <msgBody>
      <msgExplanation>

      
         <p>This message is the text of a command or an object help.</p>

   
      </msgExplanation>
      <msgUserResponse>

      
         <p>No action is required.</p>

   
      </msgUserResponse>
      <msgOther/>
   </msgBody>
</msg>