<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>

<!DOCTYPE msg
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Message Reference//EN" "msgRef.dtd">
<msg xml:lang="en" id="CWLNA8168">
   <msgId outputclass="msgId">
      
      <msgNumber>CWLNA8168</msgNumber>
   
   </msgId>
   <titlealts>
      
      <searchtitle>8168</searchtitle>
   
   </titlealts>
   <msgText>Name               Name of the Policy.
Description        A description of the Policy
Destination        Message topic, queue or global-shared subscription 
                   this policy applies to.
DestinationType    Destination type.
                   Options: Topic, Queue, and Subscription
ActionList         Comma-delimited list of allowed actions.
                   Options: Publish,Subscribe,Send,Receive,Browse,Control
                   Publish, and Subscribe options are for Topic.
                   Send, Receive, and Browse options are for Queue.
                   Receive and Control options are for Subscription.
MaxMessages        The maximum number of messages to keep for
                   a subscription. 
                   Options: 1-20000000  Default: 5000 
MaxMessagesBehavior 
                   The behavior applied when the number of messages in
                   buffer for a subscription reaches the MaxMessages
                   value.
                   Options: RejectNewMessages, DiscardOldMessages
                   Default: RejectNewMessages 
                   RejectNewMessages: While the buffer is full, new 
                   messages are rejected.
                   DiscardOldMessages: When the buffer is full and 
                   a new message arrives, the old un-delivered messages 
                   are discarded. This setting can result in some messages 
                   not being delivered to subscribers, even if the publisher 
                   receives acknowledgment of the delivery. The messages are 
                   discarded even if both the publisher and the subscriber 
                   requested reliable messaging.
MaxMessageTimeToLive 
                   The maximum number of seconds that messages that are put 
                   or published under the policy can live for.
                   Options: unlimited, 1-2147483647 
                   Default: unlimited 
                   The value unlimited sets no maximum. Instead, the value that 
                   the publisher specifies is used.
DisconnectedClientNotification 
                   Specify if a notification message is published
                   for a disconnected client on arrival of
                   a message
                   Options:True,False. Default:False. 
</msgText>
   <msgBody>
      <msgExplanation>

      
         <p>This message is the text of a command or an object help.</p>

   
      </msgExplanation>
      <msgUserResponse>

      
         <p>No action is required.</p>

   
      </msgUserResponse>
      <msgOther/>
   </msgBody>
</msg>