<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>

<!DOCTYPE msg
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Message Reference//EN" "msgRef.dtd">
<msg xml:lang="en" id="CWLNA8522">
   <msgId outputclass="msgId">
      
      <msgNumber>CWLNA8522</msgNumber>
   
   </msgId>
   <titlealts>
      
      <searchtitle>8522</searchtitle>
   
   </titlealts>
   <msgText>Remove IBM MessageSight log file and backups.
If LogAutoTransfer is set up and enabled, the log file will be offloaded to the specified
destination and will be removed from the MessageSight appliance with all its backups.
If LogAutoTransfer is not set up, is disabled, or does not work, this command will fail, unless forced.
Use the show log list command to list the supported log files.
You cannot use this command on the webui-messages*.log or *.gz files.

SYNTAX:
imaserver purge LogFile "Name=value" ["Force=value"]

EXAMPLES:
imaserver purge LogFile help
imaserver purge LogFile "Name=imaserver-default.log" "Force=True"

Configuration items for log object:
Name                 Name of the log file.
Force                True or False. The default is False.
                     If True, the log file and its backups will be removed, even if it
                     cannot be transferred to the remote destination.
                     If False, the log file and its backups will be removed after it
                     had been transferred to the remote destination successfully.

NOTES:
1. "Name" is required item.
2. All "Key=value" pair must be enclosed within double quotation marks.
3. The webui-messages*.log cannot be removed using this command.
</msgText>
   <msgBody>
      <msgExplanation>

      
         <p>This message is the text of a command or an object help.</p>

   
      </msgExplanation>
      <msgUserResponse>

      
         <p>No action is required.</p>

   
      </msgUserResponse>
      <msgOther/>
   </msgBody>
</msg>