<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="cmd_imaserver_create_tmonitor" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>imaserver set EnableDiskPersistence CleanStore</title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>imaserver set EnableDiskPersistence CleanStore</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>set EnableDiskPersistence CleanStore</indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Set disk persistence as enabled or
disabled on an appliance. </section>
<section><title>Syntax</title><cmdname>imaserver set EnableDiskPersistence=True|False
CleanStore</cmdname></section>
<section><title>Parameters</title><p>None.</p></section>
<section><title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title><ul>
<li>If you want to change the value of <parmname>EnableDiskPersistence</parmname>,
the <parmname>CleanStore</parmname> parameter must be included in
the command. If the <parmname>CleanStore</parmname> parameter is not
included, then the command fails.</li>
<li>The command must be capitalized as shown.</li>
<li>The default value for <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/virtualedition"></ph> is
True.</li>
<li>The default value for an <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> physical appliance
is False.</li>
<li>Changing the value to True on a physical appliance has a negative
impact on performance.</li>
</ul><?Pub Caret -1?></section>
<section><title>Example</title>Sets the disk persistence on an appliance
from True to False:<codeblock><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> imaserver get EnableDiskPersistence
EnableDiskPersistence=True
imaserver set EnableDiskPersistence=False CleanStore
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
<ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></codeblock></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224039 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000002187?>
