<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="funpower" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>status power-supply</title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>status power-supply</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>status power-supply</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Display status of power supply units.</section>
<section><title>Syntax</title><cmdname>status power-supply</cmdname> </section>
<section><title>Parameters</title>None.</section>
<section><title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title><?Pub
Caret 7?><ul>
<li>This command cannot be used with <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> for Developers.</li>
<li>This command displays two properties for each power supply unit:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>AC Lost</dt>
<dd>This property indicates whether the power supply unit is receiving
power.</dd>
<dd>A value of <codeph>false (ok)</codeph> indicates that the power
supply unit is receiving power.</dd>
<dd>A value of <codeph>true (alert)</codeph> indicates that power
is not being supplied to the unit. This value might indicate that
the power cable is not plugged in, or that it is not functioning correctly.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Output Failure</dt>
<dd>This property indicates whether the power supply unit is able
to supply current to the system. The value of this property is only
meaningful if the <parmname>AC Lost</parmname> value is <codeph>false
(ok)</codeph>.</dd>
<dd>A value of <codeph>false (ok)</codeph> indicates that the power
supply unit is able to supply current to the system.</dd>
<dd>A value of <codeph>true (alert)</codeph> indicates that the power
supply unit is not able to supply current to the system</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></li>
<li>This command is not available in SoftLayer virtual server or Amazon EC2 environments.</li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Example</title>Display status of power supply units.<codeblock>Console> status power-supply
Power Supply 1 Output Failure: false (ok)
Power Supply 1 AC Lost: true (alert)
Power Supply 2 Output Failure: false (ok)
Power Supply 2 AC Lost: false (ok)
Console></codeblock></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224041 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000002461?>
