<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="funlocled" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>locate-led</title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>locate-led</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>locate-led</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Turn on or off the locate LED. The
locate LED is a light on the front  of the physical appliance. It
is labeled with an icon in the shape of a lighthouse, and the LED
color is blue. The intent of the locate LED is to help customers visually
locate a particular appliance in a data center. The locate LED is
off by default, and must be explicitly turned on by using this command.
The state of the LED is not persisted, so after an appliance is rebooted,
its locate LED will be off. The locate LED has no function other than
as a manual visual locator. This command applies only to physical
appliances. <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/virtualedition"></ph> has
no locate LED.</section>
<section><title>Syntax</title><cmdname>locate-led</cmdname> <keyword>on</keyword> | <keyword>off</keyword> </section>
<section><title>Options</title>None.</section>
<section><title>Parameters</title><dl><dlentry>
<dt><keyword>on</keyword></dt>
<dd>Turn on the locate LED</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><keyword>off</keyword></dt>
<dd>Turn off the locate LED</dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
<section><title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title><?Pub
Caret 7?><ul>
<li>It is not possible to query the state of the locate LED. Setting
the state of the locate LED to a state it is in is not considered
an error.</li>
<li>This command is not available in SoftLayer virtual server or Amazon EC2 environments.</li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Example</title><codeblock><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> locate-led on
Ok
<ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph>   </codeblock></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224039 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000002281?>
