<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="funpcpd" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>platform collect-pd</title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>platform collect-pd</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>platform collect-pd</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Collect a standard set of problem diagnosis
data into a single file. This file can be transferred off the appliance
for viewing or for sending to <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> support.
The resulting output file is the output of a predefined list of command-line
commands. This command scripts a number of commands a support person
might ask the customer to run as part of problem diagnosis.</section>
<section><title>Syntax</title><cmdname>platform collect-pd</cmdname> [ <varname>PDfilename</varname> ]</section>
<section><title>Parameters</title><dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>PDfilename</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the text file to which the output of the
problem diagnostic commands is written.  If not specified, the default
value is <filepath>collect-pd.txt</filepath>. If the output file exists,
it is overwritten.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
<section><title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title><?Pub
Caret 7?><ul>
<li>This command is used by <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> support.</li>
<li>The output might include both clear text that customers can read,
and obscured textual data that is intended only for <tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> support.</li>
<li>The output of this command is also included automatically in the
data that is collected by the <cmdname>platform must-gather</cmdname> command.</li>
<li>If the appliance loses all network connectivity, the contents
of the output file might be printed inside the command-line session
by using the <cmdname>show log</cmdname> command.</li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Related Commands</title>See <xref format="dita"
href="fun_gather.dita" scope="local" type="reference"></xref>, <xref
format="dita" href="../CommonCmd/fun_fileput.dita" scope="local"
type="reference"></xref>, and <xref format="dita"
href="../ApplianceCmd/fun_showlog.dita" scope="local" type="reference"></xref>.</section>
<section><title>Example</title>Collects diagnostic command data, sending
the output to the default output file.<codeblock><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> platform collect-pd
<ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> file list
collect-pd.txt 79336 bytes created Feb 6, 2012 9:32:17 PM
<ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></codeblock></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224040 4?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000002960?>
