<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="funstart" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>packet-capture start</title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>packet-capture start</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>start</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Activate packet trace capture.</section>
<section><title>Syntax</title><cmdname>packet-capture start</cmdname> <varname>interface
filename duration filesize</varname> [ <varname>ring-buffer-number</varname> ]
 [\"<varname>filter</varname> \"]</section>
<section><title>Parameters</title><dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>interface</varname></dt>
<dd>Network interface name, such as <b>eth0</b></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>filename</varname></dt>
<dd>Output trace file name. If <varname>ring-buffer-number</varname> is
also specified, an index number is appended to the filename.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>duration</varname></dt>
<dd>Packet capture duration, in seconds. A value of <b>0</b> indicates
the packet capture should continue until the <cmdname>packet-capture
stop</cmdname> command is issued.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>filesize</varname></dt>
<dd>Size of trace file, in megabytes (MB). The value must be from
0 through 100.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>ring-buffer-number</varname></dt>
<dd>If specified, enables ring buffer function and sets number of
ring buffer files. The value must be from 0 through 10.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>filter</varname></dt>
<dd>Filter to use in selecting captured packets, within double quotation
marks (\" \"). An extensive filter capability is supported, including,
for example, filtering on packet source, destination, ports, and protocols.
 Search the internet for pcap-filter for complete details on supported
filter syntax.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname></varname></dt>
<dd></dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
<section><title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title><?Pub
Caret 7?><ul>
<li>In order to start a packet capture on an interface, the following
conditions are required:<ul>
<li>The interface must be active. </li>
<li>No other packet captures can be active for the interface.   </li>
<li>If tracing is required for an aggregate-interface, start the trace
on the aggregate-interface itself. A packet capture on a member link
may not contain complete data. </li>
<li>Any files from a previous packet capture must be cleared by using
the <cmdname>packet-capture clear</cmdname> command.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Packet capture stops when any of the following condition occurs:
 <ul>
<li>The file size limitation is reached, if the ring-buffer function
is not used.      </li>
<li>The packet capture duration ends.</li>
<li>The <cmdname>packet-capture stop</cmdname> command is issued. </li>
</ul>    </li>
</ul><ul>
<li>Output trace files can be analyzed with commercial off-the-shelf
tools that can read data in libpcap format, such as Wireshark.</li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Related Commands</title>See <xref href="fun_clear.dita"></xref>, <xref
href="fun_list.dita"></xref>, and <xref href="fun_stop.dita"></xref>.</section>
<section><title>Example</title>Start a packet capture on interface <tt>eth1</tt> for
60 seconds. Allow the trace files to grow to a maximum of 10 MB. Write
the packet capture to two ring buffer files named <tt>pc11</tt> and <tt>pc12</tt>.<codeblock><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> packet-capture start eth1 pc1 60 10 2 "icmp"
Packet capture started on eth1
Ok   
<ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></codeblock></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224040 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000003932?>
