<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="fungather" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>platform must-gather</title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>platform must-gather</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>platform must-gather</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>System administrators can collect the must-gather diagnostic data
   that is required for reporting a problem to <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm>
   support.</section>
<section><title>Syntax</title><cmdname>platform must-gather </cmdname> <varname>filename</varname> [ <varname>PDfilename</varname> ]</section>
<section><title>Parameters</title><dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>filename</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the output file that contains all diagnostic
data, in a compressed (.tgz) format.</dd>
<dd>Use either the <codeph>.tgz</codeph> or the <codeph>.tar.gz</codeph> suffix
for the output file name.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>PDfilename</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the text file that the output of the problem
diagnostic commands is written to. This file contains the same output
that is collected by the <tt>platform collect-pd</tt> command. If
not specified, the default value is <tt>collect-pd.txt</tt>. If the
output file exists, the file is overwritten.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
<section><title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title><?Pub
Caret 7?><ul>
    <li>This command must only be run by an administrator. </li>
<li>This command is used by <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> support.</li>
<li>The output might  include both clear text and obscured data that
is intended to be read only by <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> support.</li>
<li>You must use the <cmdname>imaserver trace flush</cmdname> command
before you use the <cmdname>platform must-gather </cmdname> command.</li>
<li>Output files that are produced by this command are automatically
deleted during normal appliance restart or shutdown.</li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Related Commands</title><ul>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_imaserver_trace.dita" scope="local"
type="reference"></xref></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="fun_pcpd.dita" scope="local"
type="reference"></xref></li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Example</title>Collect diagnostic data to a file called <tt>problem-data.tgz</tt>. <codeblock><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> platform must-gather problem-data.tgz
<ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> file list
problem-data.tgz 3449276 bytes created Mar 27, 2012 11:15:48 AM
collect-pd.txt 572878 bytes created Mar 27, 2012 11:15:48 AM
<ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></codeblock></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224040 4?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000002990?>
