<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="user_sshkey_add" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>user sshkey add</title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>user sshkey add</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>user sshkey add</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Configure passwordless secure administration
of the <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> appliance.
 Then, you can write remote scripts that run CLI commands without
needing to interactively enter a user ID and password.  Type <codeph>help
user</codeph> on the command line to get the syntax for this command. </section>
<section><title>Syntax</title> <cmdname>user sshkey add</cmdname> <varname>url</varname></section>
<section><title id="Parameters">Parameters</title><dl
id="UrlUniformResourceLocatorThatIsSpec"><dlentry>
<dt><varname>url</varname></dt>
<dd id="urlsyn">Uniform resource locator that is specified in one
of the two following formats. In the following formats, white space
is added only for readability. Do not include any white space in the
URL on the command line.<p>For HTTP and FTP protocols, type the following
command on the command line:</p><p><codeblock scale="80"><varname>protocol</varname>: // [<varname>username</varname> [:<varname>password</varname>] @]<varname>hostname</varname> [:<varname>port</varname>]/[%2F <varname>abspath</varname>/][<varname>relpath</varname> /] <varname>filename</varname></codeblock></p><p>where</p><p><ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>protocol</dt>
<dd>ftp or http</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry importance="optional">
<dt>username</dt>
<dd>User name at the remote host. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry importance="optional">
<dt>password</dt>
<dd>Password for <varname>username</varname> at the remote host. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>hostname</dt>
<dd>Remote host name or IP address.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry importance="optional">
<dt>port</dt>
<dd>Decimal port number of the remote server.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry importance="optional">
<dt>abspath</dt>
<dd>Absolute path for the remote file, prefixed with the 3 characters
'%2F' or '%2f'. It is supported for protocol FTP and SCP.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>relpath</dt>
<dd>Relative path for the remote file. This path is relative to the
default directory on the remote system. If username is specified,
the default directory is typically the home directory of that user.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>filename</dt>
<dd>Name of the SSH public key file.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></p><p>For SCP protocol, type the following command on the command
line:</p><p><codeblock scale="80"><varname>protocol</varname>: // <varname>username</varname>@<varname>hostname</varname> : [%2F <varname>abspath</varname>/][<varname>relpath</varname> /] <varname>filename</varname></codeblock></p><p>where</p><p><ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>protocol</dt>
<dd>scp</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry importance="optional">
<dt>username</dt>
<dd>User name at the remote host. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>hostname</dt>
<dd>Remote host name or IP address. Host names that resolve to IPv6
addresses are supported. Literal IPv6 addresses, which contain colons,
are not supported because the <varname>hostname</varname> is separated
from the file path with a colon.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry importance="optional">
<dt>abspath</dt>
<dd>Absolute path for the remote file, prefixed with the 3 characters
'%2F' or '%2f'. It is supported for protocol FTP and SCP.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>relpath</dt>
<dd>Relative path for the remote file. This path is relative to the
default directory on the remote system. If <varname>username</varname> is
specified, the default directory is typically the home directory of
that user.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>filename</dt>
<dd>Name of the SSH public key file.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></p></dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
<section><title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title><?Pub
Caret 7?><ul>
<li>The command must be capitalized as shown.</li>
<li>In a high availability environment, this command must be run on
both the primary node and the standby node.</li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Related Commands</title><ul>
<li><xref format="dita" href="user_sshkey_delete.dita" scope="local"
type="reference">user_sshkey_delete</xref>.</li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Example</title>Enable passwordless administration
of the <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> appliance
by using a previously generated SSH key.<codeblock><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> user sshkey add "scp://admin@192.0.2.0:˜/.ssh/authorized_keys" 
The command completed successfully.
<ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></codeblock></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224041 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000005273?>
