<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="ov60000_" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title><ph conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
        /> in the Docker environment</title>
    <!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
    <!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
    <!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
    <shortdesc> IBM MessageSight can now be deployed as a dockerized service that is supported on Docker version 1.6.1 on CentOS 7 systems. </shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>Docker is an open source platform that uses Linux containerization and a layered file system. The image that is built by using Docker consists of layers that contain the application and the dependent binary files and libraries, but uses the kernel from the host operating system. The layering allows changes to be made quickly because only the modified layers are rebuilt and deployed. For more information about Docker and its advantages, see <xref
            href="https://www.docker.com/whatisdocker/" scope="external" format="html"
            >What is Docker?</xref></p>
        <p> Installing IBM MessageSight on a Docker platform provides a number of benefits: <ul>
            <li>Portability across machines on traditional systems, or in a public or private cloud.</li>
            <li>Rapid deployment of services. A Docker image is simple to build and can be quickly and easily deployed across environments.</li>
            <li>Decreased overhead. A Docker container has a small footprint because the need for a hypervisor is removed. </li>
            <li>Simplified maintenance provided by the use of a layered file system. </li>
            </ul> </p>
        <p>Zip files are provided that contain the files that you need to build your own Docker images. You can use these images to create a container by using the <cmdname>docker run</cmdname> command.</p>
        <p>You can run the following Docker containers to start working with IBM MessageSight:<dl>
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Messaging server container</dt>
                <dd> The messaging server container is the core messaging service. You can use this container to administer connected clients and devices, and to process messages. All the features that are available in the IBM MessageSight Virtual Edition are supported except for protocol plug-in, SNMP, log file offloader and local user registry. </dd>
                <dd>You can configure this container by using the WebUI container. </dd>
            </dlentry>
            <dlentry>
                <dt>WebUI container </dt>
                <dd>You can use the WebUI container to administer the messaging server container. The Web UI container can be used to administer one or more messaging server containers. </dd>
            </dlentry>
            </dl></p>
        <p>For more information about building IBM MessageSight Docker images and creating containers, see <xref
            href="PDFqs00050_.dita"/>.</p>
        <?Pub Caret 2?>
    </conbody>
</concept>
