<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="cmd_imaserver_stat_topic" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Show topic related statistics by using <ph
   conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPIs"/></title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle> topic related statistics</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm> Topic</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Reports topic-related monitoring data for topics that have been
   defined in topic monitors. </section>
<section><title>URI</title>Use the <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API
   GET method with the following <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> monitoring
     URI:<p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/monitor/Topic</codeph></p></section>
<section><title>Object configuration data</title><p>Provide query parameters requesting the
    statistics that you want returned in the JSON payload. The following example uses cURL to create
    topic-related
    statistics:<codeblock>curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/monitor/Topic?TopicString=<varname>TopicString</varname>%26ResultCount=<varname>ResultCount</varname>%26Monitoring-DataType=<varname>Monitoring-DataType</varname></codeblock></p>Where:<ul>
    <li>
     <dl>
      <dlentry>
       <dt>TopicString</dt>
       <dd>Optional.</dd>
       <dd><parmname>TopicString</parmname> is a filter, which you can use to match specific topic
        strings. <parmname>TopicString</parmname> can contain wildcards (*) to match 0 or more
        characters. The default value is <parmname>*</parmname>.</dd>
      </dlentry>
     </dl>
    </li>
    <li>
     <dl>
      <dlentry>
       <dt>ResultCount</dt>
       <dd>Optional.</dd>
       <dd>Specifies the maximum number of results to return. Options available for selection are
        10, 25, 50, and 100. The default value is 25. If the number of topics that are being
        monitored is less than the <parmname>Count</parmname> specified, then only those topics that
        are being monitored are returned.</dd>
       <dd>Specifies the number of results to display. </dd>
      </dlentry>
     </dl>
    </li>
    <li>
     <dl>
      <dlentry>
       <dt>Monitoring-DataType</dt>
       <dd>Optional.</dd>
       <dd>Specifies the type of data to order the results by.</dd>
       <dd>This value can be one of the following values:<ul>
         <li>
          <dl>
           <dlentry>
            <dt> PublishedMsgsHighest</dt>
            <dd>Topics with the most publications. </dd>
           </dlentry>
          </dl>
         </li>
         <li>
          <dl>
           <dlentry>
            <dt>PublishedMsgsLowest</dt>
            <dd>Topics with the least publications. </dd>
           </dlentry>
          </dl>
         </li>
         <li>
          <dl>
           <dlentry>
            <dt>SubscriptionsHighest</dt>
            <dd>Topics with the most subscribers.</dd>
           </dlentry>
          </dl>
         </li>
         <li>
          <dl>
           <dlentry>
            <dt>SubscriptionsLowest</dt>
            <dd>Topics with the least subscribers.</dd>
           </dlentry>
          </dl>
         </li>
         <li>
          <dl>
           <dlentry>
            <dt>RejectedMsgsHighest</dt>
            <dd>Topics with the most rejected messages.</dd>
           </dlentry>
          </dl>
         </li>
         <li>
          <dl>
           <dlentry>
            <dt>RejectedMsgsLowest</dt>
            <dd>Topics with the least rejected messages.</dd>
           </dlentry>
          </dl>
         </li>
         <li>
          <dl>
           <dlentry>
            <dt>FailedPublishesHighest</dt>
            <dd>Topics with the most rejected publishes.</dd>
           </dlentry>
          </dl>
         </li>
         <li>
          <dl>
           <dlentry>
            <dt>FailedPublishesLowest</dt>
            <dd>Topics with the least rejected publishes.</dd>
           </dlentry>
          </dl>
         </li>
        </ul></dd>
       <dd>The default value is <parmname>PublishedMsgsHighest</parmname>.</dd>
      </dlentry>
     </dl>
    </li>
   </ul></section>
<section><title>Usage Notes</title><ul>
<li>The command must be capitalized as shown.</li>
<li>The command must use the double quotation marks as shown.</li>
<li>The statistics that are produced can be up to 60 seconds out of date.</li>
<li>Before you can monitor a topic, you must create a topic monitor that specifies the topic string
     that you want to monitor. After you create the topic monitor, statistics about the topic string
     are recorded. You can create topic monitors by using <ph
      conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPIs"/>. For more information about
     creating topic monitors, see <xref href="../../Monitoring/admin00018.dita"/>.</li>
<li>If the <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server
is restarted, monitored topic data is reset.</li>
<li>To reset the monitoring data for a particular topic string, you
must delete and re-create the topic monitor.</li>
<li><p>The following fields are returned: <ul>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>TopicString</dt>
          <dd>String</dd>
          <dd>The topic that is being monitored. The topic string always contains a wildcard.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>Subscriptions</dt>
          <dd>Numeric</dd>
          <dd>The number of active subscriptions on the topics that are monitored. The figure shows
           all active subscriptions that match the wildcarded topic string.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>ResetTime</dt>
          <dd>Date/Time</dd>
          <dd>The time at which the statistics for the topic were reset. The
            <uicontrol>ResetTime</uicontrol> is usually the time when the topic monitor is
           created.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>PublishedMsgs</dt>
          <dd>Numeric</dd>
          <dd>The number of messages that are successfully published to a topic that matches the
           wildcarded topic string.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>RejectedMsgs</dt>
          <dd>Numeric</dd>
          <dd>The number of messages that are rejected by one or more subscriptions where the
           quality of service level did not cause the publish request to fail.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>FailedPublishes</dt>
          <dd>Numeric</dd>
          <dd>The number of publish requests that failed because the message is rejected by one or
           more subscriptions.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
      </ul></p></li>
</ul></section>
<section>
   <title>Example</title>
   <p>The following example uses cURL to show how a GET method is used to create statistics about
    topics with the highest number of published messages:</p>
   <codeblock>curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/monitor/Topic?TopicString=*%26Monitoring-DataType=PublishedMsgsHighest
 
 </codeblock>
   <p>The following example shows a successful example response to the GET method that was used to
    create statistics about topics with the highest number of published messages::</p>
   <codeblock>{ "Version":"v1", "Topic": [ { "TopicString":"ROOT/#","Subscriptions":5,"ResetTime":"0","PublishedMsgs":50,
"RejectedMsgs":4,"FailedPublishes":2,"ResultCount":10 } ] }
</codeblock>
  </section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224035 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000007737?>
