<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="cmd_imaserver_create_tmonitor" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> create
TopicMonitor</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>imaserver create TopicMonitor</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>create TopicMonitor</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Creates a topic monitor. A topic monitor
specifies a topic string to monitor. Statistics about the topic string
can then be gathered by using the <cmdname>imaserver stat Topic</cmdname> command.</section>
<section><title>Syntax</title><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>create
TopicMonitor "TopicString=</cmdname><varname>string</varname><cmdname>"</cmdname></section>
<section><title>Parameters</title><dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>string</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the topic string that you want to add.</dd>
<dd>The string must end with a multi-level wildcard (#), must contain
no other wildcards, and must not start with $SYS. For example, <codeph>EXAMPLE/L2/#</codeph></dd>
<dd>You can specify only the multi-level wildcard (#) to monitor all
topics.</dd>
<dd>If a subtree has no child topics, the topic monitor shows data
only for that topic. For example, if <codeph>EXAMPLE/L2</codeph> has
no child topics, the topic monitor monitors only the <codeph>EXAMPLE/L2</codeph> topic.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
<section><title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title><ul>
<li>The command must be capitalized as shown.</li>
<li>The command must use the double quotation marks as shown.</li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Related Commands</title><ul>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_imaserver_delete_tmonitor.dita"
scope="local" type="reference"></xref></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_imaserver_list_tmonitor.dita"
scope="local" type="reference"></xref></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_imaserver_stat_Topic.dita"
scope="local" type="reference"></xref></li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Example</title>Creates a topic monitor for the string <codeph>ROOT/#</codeph>:<codeblock><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> imaserver create TopicMonitor "TopicString=ROOT/#"
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
<ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></codeblock></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224033 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000002754?>
