<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="cmd_imaserver_stat_subscription" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Show subscription related statistics by <ph
   conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPIs"/></title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>stat Subscription</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>stat Subscription</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Reports subscription-related monitoring data. </section>
<section>
   <title>URI</title>
   <p>Use the <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API GET method with the
    following <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> monitoring URI:</p>
   <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/monitor/Subscription</codeph></p>
  </section>
<section><title>Object configuration data</title><p>Provide query parameters requesting the
    statistics that you want returned in the JSON payload. The following example uses cURL to create
    subscription-related statistics:</p><codeblock>curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/monitor/
Subscription?SubName=<varname>SubName</varname>%26SubType=<varname>SubType</varname>%26ClientID=<varname>ClientID</varname>
%26TopicString=<varname>TopicString</varname>%26ResultCount=<varname>ResultCount</varname>%26StatType=<varname>StatType</varname>
%26MessagingPolicy=<varname>MessagingPolicy</varname></codeblock>where:<dl>
    <dlentry>
     <dt><varname>SubName</varname></dt>
     <dd>Specifies the name of a subscription to collect data about.</dd>
     <dd>You can use an asterisk (*) to match 0 or more characters.</dd>
     <dd>The default value is *</dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt><varname>TopicString</varname></dt>
     <dd>Specifies a topic to collect subscription data about.</dd>
     <dd>You can use an asterisk (*) to match 0 or more characters.</dd>
     <dd>The default value is *</dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt><varname>ClientID</varname></dt>
     <dd>Specifies a client ID to collect subscription data about.</dd>
     <dd>You can use an asterisk (*) to match 0 or more characters.</dd>
     <dd>The default value is *</dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt><varname>MessagingPolicy</varname></dt>
     <dd>Specifies a messaging policy to collect subscription data about.</dd>
     <dd>You can use an asterisk (*) to match 0 or more characters.</dd>
     <dd>The default value is *</dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt><varname>ResultCount</varname></dt>
     <dd>Specifies the maximum number of results to return</dd>
     <dd>This value can be one of the following values: 10, 25, 50, 100.</dd>
     <dd>The default value is 25.</dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt><varname>SubType</varname></dt>
     <dd>Specifies the type of subscription to collect monitoring data about.</dd>
     <dd>This value can be one of the following values:<ul>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>Durable</dt>
          <dd>Returns monitoring data only for durable subscriptions.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>Nondurable</dt>
          <dd>Returns monitoring data only for non-durable subscriptions.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>All</dt>
          <dd>Returns monitoring data for both durable and non-durable subscriptions.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
      </ul></dd>
     <dd>The default value is <codeph>All</codeph>.</dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt><varname>StatType</varname></dt>
     <dd>Specifies the type of data to order the results by.</dd>
     <dd>This value can be one of the following values:<ul>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>PublishedMsgsHighest</dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by the subscriptions receiving the highest number of
           messages.</dd>
          <dd>This value is the default value.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>PublishedMsgsLowest</dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by the subscriptions receiving the lowest number of
           messages.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>BufferedMsgsHighest</dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by the subscriptions with the highest number of buffered
           messages.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>BufferedMsgsLowest</dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by the subscriptions with the lowest number of buffered
           messages.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>BufferedPercentHighest</dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by the subscriptions with the highest relative number of
           buffered messages as a percentage of the total number of messages that can be
           buffered.</dd>
          <dd>The <codeph>MaxMessages</codeph> value in the messaging policy for a subscription
           defines the maximum number of messages that can be buffered. </dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>BufferedPercentLowest</dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by the subscriptions with the lowest relative number of
           buffered messages as a percentage of the total number of messages that can be
           buffered.</dd>
          <dd>The <codeph>MaxMessages</codeph> value in the messaging policy for a subscription
           defines the maximum number of messages that can be buffered. </dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>BufferedHWMPercentHighest</dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by the subscriptions with the highest peaks of buffered
           messages as a percentage of the total number of messages that can be buffered. </dd>
          <dd>The <codeph>MaxMessages</codeph> value in the messaging policy for a subscription
           defines the maximum number of messages that can be buffered. </dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>BufferedHWMPercentLowest</dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by the subscriptions with the lowest peaks of buffered
           messages as a percentage of the total number of messages that can be buffered.</dd>
          <dd>The <codeph>MaxMessages</codeph> value in the messaging policy for a subscription
           defines the maximum number of messages that can be buffered. </dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>RejectedMsgsHighest</dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by the subscriptions with the highest number of rejected
           messages. </dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>RejectedMsgsLowest</dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by the subscriptions with the lowest number of rejected
           messages. </dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>DiscardedMsgsHighest</dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by the subscriptions with the highest number of discarded
           messages. Discarded messages are messages that could not be published to a subscription
           because the buffer is full.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>DiscardedMsgsLowest</dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by the subscriptions with the lowest number of discarded
           messages. Discarded messages are messages that could not be published to a subscription
           because the buffer is full.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>ExpiredMsgsHighest</dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by the subscriptions with the highest number of expired
           messages. </dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>ExpiredMsgsLowest</dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by the subscriptions with the lowest number of expired
           messages. </dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
      </ul></dd>
    </dlentry>
   </dl></section>
<section><title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title><ul>
<li>The command must be capitalized as shown.</li>
<li>The command must use the double quotation marks as shown.</li>
<li>The statistics that are produced  can be up to 60 seconds out of date.</li>
<li><p>The following fields are returned: <ul>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>SubName</dt>
          <dd>String</dd>
          <dd>The name that is associated with the subscription. This value can be an empty string
           for a non-durable subscription.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>TopicString</dt>
          <dd>String</dd>
          <dd>The topic on which the subscription is subscribed.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>ClientID</dt>
          <dd>String</dd>
          <dd>The Client ID of the client that owns the subscription.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>IsDurable</dt>
          <dd>Boolean</dd>
          <dd>This value indicates whether the subscription is durable or non-durable. Durable
           subscriptions survive server restarts unless the subscription is explicitly deleted.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>BufferedMsgs</dt>
          <dd>Numeric</dd>
          <dd>The number of published messages that are waiting to be sent to the client.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>BufferedMsgsHWM</dt>
          <dd>Numeric</dd>
          <dd>The highest number of published messages since the server was started or the
           subscription was created, whichever is most recent.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>BufferedPercent</dt>
          <dd>Numeric</dd>
          <dd>The percentage of the maximum buffered messages that the current buffered messages
           represent.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>MaxMessages</dt>
          <dd>Numeric</dd>
          <dd>The maximum number of buffered messages that are allowed for this subscription. This
           value is a guideline, rather than an absolute limit. If the system is running under
           stress, then the number of buffered messages on a subscription might be slightly higher
           than the <codeph>MaxMessages</codeph> value.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>PublishedMsgs</dt>
          <dd>Numeric</dd>
          <dd>The number of messages that are published to this subscription since the server was
           started or the subscription was created, whichever is most recent.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>RejectedMsgs</dt>
          <dd>Numeric</dd>
          <dd>The number of messages that are rejected because the maximum number of buffered
           messages was reached when the messages were published to the subscription. </dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>BufferedHWMPercent</dt>
          <dd>Numeric</dd>
          <dd>The peak number of buffered messages, as a percentage of the maximum number of
           messages that can be buffered.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>IsShared</dt>
          <dd>Boolean</dd>
          <dd>This value indicates whether the subscription is shared.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>Consumers</dt>
          <dd>Numeric</dd>
          <dd>The number of consumers that the subscription has.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>DiscardedMsgs</dt>
          <dd>Numeric</dd>
          <dd>The number of messages that are not delivered because they were discarded when the
           buffer became full.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>ExpiredMsgs</dt>
          <dd>Numeric</dd>
          <dd>The number of messages that are not delivered because they expired.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>MessagingPolicy</dt>
          <dd>String</dd>
          <dd>The messaging policy that is in use by the subscription.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
      </ul></p></li>
</ul></section>
<section>
   <title>Example</title>
   <p>The following example uses cURL to show how a GET method is used to create statistics about
    subscriptions that are subscribed to a topic called DemoTopic:</p>
   <codeblock>curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/monitor/Subscription?TopicString=DemoTopic
 
 </codeblock>
   <p>The following example shows a successful example response to the GET method that was used to
    create statistics about subscriptions that are subscribed to a topic called DemoTopic:</p>
   <codeblock>{ "Version":"v1", "Subscription": [{"SubName":"DemoSubscription","TopicString":"DemoTopic","ClientID":"Demo ID","IsDurable":"True","BufferedMsgs":0,
"BufferedMsgsHWM":0,"BufferedPercent":0.0,"MaxMessages":5123,"PublishedMsgs":0,"RejectedMsgs":0,"BufferedHWMPercent":0.0,
"IsShared":"False","Consumers":1,"DiscardedMsgs":0,"ExpiredMsgs":0, "MessagingPolicy":"DemoTopicPolicy }] }</codeblock>
  </section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224035 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000012761?>
