<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="cmd_imaserver_stat_store" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Show store statistics by using <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPIs"
  />
 </title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle> show store statistics</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm> Store</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Reports store statistics for <ph
    conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>. </section>
<section><title>URI</title>Use the <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API
   GET method with the following <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> monitoring
     URI:<p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/monitor/Store</codeph></p></section>
<section><title>Object configuration data</title>Provide query parameters requesting the statistics
   that you want returned in the JSON payload. The following example uses cURL to create
   store-related statistics:<codeblock>curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/monitor/Store?SubType=<varname>SubType</varname>%26Duration=<varname>Duration</varname>%26StatType=<varname>StatType</varname></codeblock>where:<p>
    <dl>
     <dlentry>
      <dt><varname>SubType</varname></dt>
      <dd>Specifies the type of store data to report.</dd>
      <dd>This value can be one of the following values:<ul>
        <li>
         <dl>
          <dlentry>
           <dt><tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Current">Current</tm></dt>
           <dd>View a summarized list of store data.</dd>
          </dlentry>
         </dl>
        </li>
        <li>
         <dl>
          <dlentry>
           <dt>History</dt>
           <dd>View a list of store data as selected on the <parmname>StatType</parmname> parameter
            .</dd>
          </dlentry>
         </dl>
        </li>
        <li>
         <dl>
          <dlentry>
           <dt>MemoryDetail</dt>
           <dd>View a detailed list of store memory usage. </dd>
          </dlentry>
         </dl>
        </li>
       </ul>The default value is <parmname>Current</parmname>.</dd>
     </dlentry>
     <dlentry>
      <dt><varname>Duration</varname></dt>
      <dd>Optional.</dd>
      <dd>Specifies the time span (in seconds) of the data to be collected. <p>Valid value range is
        1 - 86400.</p><p>The default value is <parmname>1800</parmname>.</p>
      </dd>
     </dlentry>
     <dlentry>
      <dt><varname>StatType</varname></dt>
      <dd>Specifies the types of data to return when <codeph>SubType</codeph> is set to
        <parmname>History</parmname>.</dd>
      <dd>You can specify multiple values in a comma delimited list. This value can be one of the
       following values:<ul>
        <li>
         <dl>
          <dlentry>
           <dt>MemoryUsedPercent</dt>
           <dd>Shows the percentage of persistent memory that is used, and therefore is not
            available.</dd>
          </dlentry>
         </dl>
        </li>
        <li>
         <dl>
          <dlentry>
           <dt>DiskUsedPercent</dt>
           <dd>Shows the percentage of disk space that is used.</dd>
          </dlentry>
         </dl>
        </li>
        <li>
         <dl>
          <dlentry>
           <dt>DiskFreeBytes</dt>
           <dd>Shows the amount of disk space, in bytes, that is available.</dd>
          </dlentry>
         </dl>
        </li>
        <li>
         <dl>
          <dlentry>
           <dt>Pool1TotalBytes</dt>
           <dd>Shows the amount of memory, in bytes, in pool 1.</dd>
          </dlentry>
         </dl>
        </li>
        <li>
         <dl>
          <dlentry>
           <dt>Pool1UsedBytes</dt>
           <dd>Shows the amount of memory, in bytes, that is currently in use in pool 1.</dd>
          </dlentry>
         </dl>
        </li>
        <li>
         <dl>
          <dlentry>
           <dt>Pool1UsedPercent</dt>
           <dd>Shows the percentage of memory that is in use in pool 1.</dd>
          </dlentry>
         </dl>
        </li>
        <li>
         <dl>
          <dlentry>
           <dt>Pool1RecordSizeBytes</dt>
           <dd>Shows the size, in bytes, of each record in pool 1.</dd>
          </dlentry>
         </dl>
        </li>
        <li>
         <dl>
          <dlentry>
           <dt>Pool1RecordsLimitBytes</dt>
           <dd>Shows the overall amount of memory, in bytes, that can be used by client
            applications.</dd>
          </dlentry>
         </dl>
        </li>
        <li>
         <dl>
          <dlentry>
           <dt>Pool1RecordsUsedBytes</dt>
           <dd>Shows the amount of memory, in bytes, that is being used for client records.</dd>
          </dlentry>
         </dl>
        </li>
        <li>
         <dl>
          <dlentry>
           <dt>ClientStatesBytes</dt>
           <dd>Shows the memory allocated for clients that must be remembered when they are
            disconnected. In MQTT, these are clients that connected using a
             <codeph>cleanSession=0</codeph> setting or clients that connected and set a will
            message the quality of service of which is 1 or 2.</dd>
          </dlentry>
         </dl>
        </li>
        <li>
         <dl>
          <dlentry>
           <dt>QueuesBytes</dt>
           <dd>Shows the memory, in bytes, allocated for queues. Memory is allocated in this
            category for each queue that is created for point-to-point messaging.</dd>
          </dlentry>
         </dl>
        </li>
        <li>
         <dl>
          <dlentry>
           <dt>TopicsBytes</dt>
           <dd>Shows the memory, in bytes, allocated for topics. The server allocates memory in this
            category for each topic with a persistent retained message.</dd>
          </dlentry>
         </dl>
        </li>
        <li>
         <dl>
          <dlentry>
           <dt>SubscriptionsBytes</dt>
           <dd>Shows the memory, in bytes, allocated for durable subscription records. In MQTT,
            these are subscriptions for clients that connected using a
             <codeph>cleanSession=0</codeph> setting.</dd>
          </dlentry>
         </dl>
        </li>
        <li>
         <dl>
          <dlentry>
           <dt>TransactionsBytes</dt>
           <dd>Shows the memory, in bytes, allocated for transaction records. The server allocates
            memory in this category for each transaction.</dd>
          </dlentry>
         </dl>
        </li>
        <li>
         <dl>
          <dlentry>
           <dt>MQConnectivityBytes</dt>
           <dd>Shows the memory, in bytes, allocated for connectivity with <ph
             conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> queue managers.</dd>
          </dlentry>
         </dl>
        </li>
        <li>
         <dl>
          <dlentry>
           <dt>Pool2TotalBytes</dt>
           <dd>Shows the amount of memory, in bytes, in pool 2.</dd>
          </dlentry>
         </dl>
        </li>
        <li>
         <dl>
          <dlentry>
           <dt>Pool2UsedBytes</dt>
           <dd>Shows the amount of memory, in bytes, that is currently in use in pool 2.</dd>
          </dlentry>
         </dl>
        </li>
        <li>
         <dl>
          <dlentry>
           <dt>Pool2UsedPercent</dt>
           <dd>Shows the percentage of memory that is in use in pool 2.</dd>
          </dlentry>
         </dl>
        </li>
        <li>
         <dl>
          <dlentry>
           <dt>IncomingMessageAcksBytes</dt>
           <dd>Shows the memory, in bytes, allocated for acknowledging incoming messages. The server
            allocates memory in this category for MQTT clients that connected using a
             <codeph>cleanSession=0</codeph> setting and are publishing messages the quality of
            service of which is 2. This memory is used to ensure once-and-once-only delivery.</dd>
          </dlentry>
         </dl>
        </li>
       </ul><p>The default value is <parmname>DiskUsedPercent</parmname>. For reasons of
        compatability with earlier versions, the header <codeph>StoreDiskUsage</codeph> is returned
        when the default is used.</p></dd>
     </dlentry>
    </dl>
   </p></section>
<section><title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title><ul>
<li>The command must be capitalized as shown.</li>
<li>The command must use the double quotation marks as shown.</li>
<li>If the <codeph>SubType</codeph> is set to <parmname>History</parmname>,
and monitoring data is not available for the requested statistic,
a value of <codeph>-1</codeph> is returned.</li>
</ul></section>
<section>
   <title>Example</title>
   <p>The following example uses cURL to show how a GET method is used to view statistical
    information about the usage of the persistent memory and disk. </p>
   <codeblock>curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/monitor/Store?SubType=Current  
 
 </codeblock>
   <p>The following example shows a successful example response to the GET method that was used to
    create statistical information about the usage of the persistent memory and disk.:</p>
   <codeblock>
{ "Version":"v1", "Store": {"DiskUsedPercent":6,"DiskFreeBytes":98122571776,"MemoryUsedPercent":0,"MemoryTotalBytes":268434944,
"Pool1TotalBytes":187904512,"Pool1UsedBytes":0,"Pool1UsedPercent":0,"Pool1RecordsLimitBytes":93952256,"Pool1RecordsUsedBytes":0,
"Pool2TotalBytes":80530432,"Pool2UsedBytes":385024,"Pool2UsedPercent":0 } }</codeblock>
  </section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224035 2?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000008761?>
