<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="cmd_imaserver_stat_mqttclient" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Show MQTT client monitoring statistics by <ph
   conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPIs"/></title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>  MQTTClient</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm> MQTTClient</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Reports MQTT client monitoring data. </section>
<section>
   <title>URI</title>
   <p>Use the <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API GET method with the
    following <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> monitoring URI:</p>
   <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/monitor/MQTTClient</codeph></p>
  </section>
<section><title>Object configuration data</title>
   <p>Provide query parameters requesting the statistics that you want returned in the JSON payload.
    The following example uses cURL to create MQTT client-related statistics:</p>
   <codeblock>curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/monitor/MQTTClient?ClientID=<varname>ClientID</varname>%26StatType=<varname>StatType</varname>
%26ResultCount=<varname>ResultCount</varname></codeblock><dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>ClientID</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of an MQTT client to collect data about.</dd>
<dd>You can use an asterisk (*) as a wildcard to match 0 or more characters. To use a wild card, you
      must specify ClientID in the query.</dd>
<dd>The default value is *</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>ResultCount</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the maximum number of results to return</dd>
<dd>This value can be one of the following values: 10, 25, 50, 100.</dd>
<dd>The default value is 25.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>StatType</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the type of data to order the results by.</dd>
<dd>This value can be one of the following values:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>LastConnectedTimeOldest</dt>
<dd>Orders the monitoring data by the most recent date that the MQTT
client connected to <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.</dd>
<dd>This value is the default value.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
<section><title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title><ul>
<li>The command must be capitalized as shown.</li>
<li>The command must use the double quotation marks as shown.</li>
<li>The statistics that are produced can be up to 60 seconds out of date.</li>
<li>The MQTT client must have a durable subscription, and must be
disconnected, for monitoring data about that client to be returned.</li>
<li><p>The following fields are returned: <ul>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>ClientId</dt>
          <dd>String</dd>
          <dd>The Client ID.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>IsConnected</dt>
          <dd>Boolean</dd>
          <dd>Whether the client is connected to the <ph
            conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> server. In Release 1 only
           disconnected clients are shown.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>LastConnectedTime</dt>
          <dd>Boolean</dd>
          <dd>The time at which the client last connected to the <ph
            conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> server.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
      </ul></p></li>
</ul></section>
<section>
   <title>Example</title>
   <p>The following example uses cURL to show how a GET method is used to create statistics about a
    disconnected MQTT Client with a Client ID that is set to DemoClientID:</p>
   <codeblock>curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/monitor/MQTTClient?ClientID=DemoClientID
 
 </codeblock>
   <p>The following example shows a successful example response to the GET method that was used to
    create statistics about a disconnected MQTT Client with a Client ID that is set to
    DemoClientID:</p>
   <codeblock>{ "Version":"v1", "MQTTClient": [ { "ClientID":"DemoClientID","IsConnected":False,"LastConnectedTime":1446728129213566618 } ] }
</codeblock>
  </section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224034 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000005570?>
