<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="cmd_imaserver_stat_queue" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Show queue related statistics by using <ph
   conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPIs"/>
 </title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle> stat Queue</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>stat Queue</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Reports queue-related monitoring data. </section>
<section>
   <title>URI</title>
   <p>Use the <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API GET method with the
    following <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> monitoring URI:</p>
   <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/monitor/Queue</codeph></p>
  </section>
<section><title>Object configuration data</title><p>Provide query parameters requesting the
    statistics that you want returned in the JSON payload. The following example uses cURL to create
    queue-related statistics:</p><codeblock>curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/monitor/Queue?Name=<varname>Name</varname>%26StatType=<varname>StatType</varname>%26ResultCount=<varname>ResultCount</varname></codeblock>where:<dl>
    <dlentry>
     <dt><varname>Name</varname></dt>
     <dd>Specifies the name of a queue to collect data about.</dd>
     <dd>You can use an asterisk (*) to match 0 or more characters.</dd>
     <dd>The default value is *</dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt><varname>ResultCount</varname></dt>
     <dd>Specifies the maximum number of results to return</dd>
     <dd>This value can be one of the following values: 10, 25, 50, 100.</dd>
     <dd>The default value is 25.</dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt><varname>StatType</varname></dt>
     <dd>Specifies the type of data to order the results by.</dd>
     <dd>This value can be one of the following values:<ul>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>BufferedMsgsHighest</dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by starting with the queues with the highest backlog of
           messages. </dd>
          <dd>This value is the default value.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>BufferedMsgsLowest</dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by starting with queues with the lowest backlog of
           messages. </dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>BufferedPercentageHighest</dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by starting with queues with the highest relative number of
           messages that are buffered, as a percentage of the total number of messages that can be
           buffered.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>BufferedPercentageLowest</dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by starting with queues with the lowest relative number of
           messages that are buffered, as a percentage of the total number of messages that can be
           buffered. </dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>BufferedHWMPercentHighest</dt>
          <dd>Queues with the highest peaks of buffered messages as a percentage of the total number
           of messages that can be buffered.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>BufferedHWMPercentLowest</dt>
          <dd>Queues with the lowest peaks of buffered messages as a percentage of the total number
           of messages that can be buffered.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>ProducedMsgsHighest </dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by starting with queues that have the highest number of
           messages produced.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>ProducedMsgsLowest</dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by starting with queues that have the lowest number of
           messages produced.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>ConsumedMsgsHighest </dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by starting with queues with the greatest number of
           messages consumed.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>ConsumedMsgsLowest</dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by starting with queues with the least number of messages
           consumed.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>ConsumersHighest </dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by starting with queues with the highest number of
           consumers.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>ConsumersLowest</dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by starting with queues with the lowest number of
           consumers.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>ProducersHighest </dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by starting with queues with the highest number of
           producers.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>ProducersLowest</dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by starting with queues with the lowest number of
           producers.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>ExpiredMsgsHighest </dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by starting with queues with the highest number of expired
           messages.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>ExpiredMsgsLowest</dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by starting with queues with the lowest number of expired
           messages.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
      </ul></dd>
    </dlentry>
   </dl></section>
<section><title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title><ul>
<li>The command must be capitalized as shown.</li>
<li>The command must use the double quotation marks as shown.</li>
<li>The statistics that are produced can be up to 60 seconds out of date.</li>
<li><p>The following fields are returned:<ul>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>Name</dt>
          <dd>String</dd>
          <dd>The name of the queue.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>Producers</dt>
          <dd>Numeric</dd>
          <dd>The number of active producers on the queue.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>Consumers</dt>
          <dd>Numeric</dd>
          <dd>The number of active consumers on the queue.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>BufferedMsgs</dt>
          <dd>Numeric</dd>
          <dd>The number of messages that are buffered on the queue and waiting to be consumed.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>BufferedMsgsHWM</dt>
          <dd>Numeric</dd>
          <dd>The highest number of messages that are buffered on the queue since the server was
           started or the queue was created, whichever is most recent.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>BufferedHWMPercent</dt>
          <dd>Numeric</dd>
          <dd>The peak number of buffered messages, as a percentage of the maximum number of
           messages that can be buffered.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>BufferedPercent</dt>
          <dd>Numeric</dd>
          <dd>The number of buffered messages as a percentage of the maximum number of buffered
           messages.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>MaxMessages</dt>
          <dd>Numeric</dd>
          <dd>The maximum number of buffered messages that are allowed on the queue. This value is a
           guideline, rather than an absolute limit. If the system is running under stress, then the
           number of buffered messages on a queue might be slightly higher than the
            <codeph>MaxMessages</codeph> value.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>ProducedMsgs</dt>
          <dd>Numeric</dd>
          <dd>The number of messages that are sent to the queue since the server was started or the
           queue was created, whichever is most recent.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>ConsumedMsgs</dt>
          <dd>Numeric</dd>
          <dd>The number of messages consumed from the queue since the server was started or the
           queue was created, whichever is most recent.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>RejectedMsgs</dt>
          <dd>Numeric</dd>
          <dd>The number of messages that are not sent to the queue because the maximum number of
           buffered messages is reached.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>ExpiredMsgs</dt>
          <dd>Numeric</dd>
          <dd>The number of messages that expired on the queue since the server was started or the
           queue was created, whichever is most recent.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
      </ul></p></li>
</ul></section>
<section>
   <title>Example</title>
   <p>The following example uses cURL to show how a GET method is used to create statistics about
    queues with the highest backlog of messages:</p>
   <codeblock>curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/monitor/Queue?Name=*%26StatType=BufferedMsgsHighest%26ResultCount=10
 
 </codeblock>
   <p>The following example shows a successful example response to the GET method that was used to
    create statistics about queues with the highest backlog of messages:</p>
   <codeblock>{ "Version":"v1", "Queue": [ { "Name":"MyQueue","Producers":5,"Consumers":2,"BufferedMsgs":50,"BufferedMsgsHWM":40,"BufferedHWMPercent":25,
"BufferedPercent":14,"MaxMessages":134,"ProducedMsgs":14670,"ConsumedMsgs":10145,"RejectedMsgs":100,"ExpiredMsgs":10 }
 ] }
</codeblock>
  </section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224034 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000009684?>
