<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="cmd_imaserver_stat_memory" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Show memory statistics by using <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPIs"
  />
 </title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle> stat Memory</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>stat Memory</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Reports memory statistics for <ph
    conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>. </section>
<section><title>URI</title>Use the <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API
   GET method with the following <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> monitoring
   URI: <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/monitor/Memory</codeph></p></section>
<section><title>Object configuration data</title>Provide query parameters requesting the statistics
   that you want returned in the JSON payload. The following example uses cURL to create
   memory-related statistics:<codeblock>curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/monitor/Memory?SubType=<varname>SubType</varname>%26Duration=<varname>Duration</varname>%26StatType=<varname>StatType</varname></codeblock><p>
    <dl>
     <dlentry>
      <dt><varname>SubType</varname></dt>
      <dd>Specifies the time period of data to report.</dd>
      <dd>This value can be one of the following values:<ul>
        <li>
         <dl>
          <dlentry>
           <dt><tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Current">Current</tm></dt>
           <dd>View the most recent statistics.</dd>
          </dlentry>
         </dl>
        </li>
        <li>
         <dl>
          <dlentry>
           <dt>History</dt>
           <dd>View older statistics.</dd>
          </dlentry>
         </dl>
        </li>
       </ul>The default value is <parmname>Current</parmname>.</dd>
     </dlentry>
     <dlentry>
      <dt><varname>Duration</varname></dt>
      <dd>Optional.</dd>
      <dd>Specifies the time span (in seconds) of the data to be collected. <p>Valid value range is
        1 - 86400.</p><p>The default value is <parmname>1800</parmname>.</p>
      </dd>
     </dlentry>
     <dlentry>
      <dt><varname>StatType</varname></dt>
      <dd>Specifies the types of data to return when <codeph>SubType</codeph> is set to
        <parmname>History</parmname>.</dd>
      <dd>You can specify multiple values in a comma delimited list. This value can be one of the
       following values:<ul>
        <li>
         <dl>
          <dlentry>
           <dt>MemoryTotalBytes</dt>
           <dd>This statistic shows the total amount of physical memory.</dd>
          </dlentry>
         </dl>
        </li>
        <li>
         <dl>
          <dlentry>
           <dt>MemoryFreeBytes</dt>
           <dd>This statistic shows the amount of physical memory that is available.</dd>
          </dlentry>
         </dl>
        </li>
        <li>
         <dl>
          <dlentry>
           <dt>MemoryFreePercent</dt>
           <dd>This statistic shows the amount of free memory as a percentage of total physical
            memory.</dd>
          </dlentry>
         </dl>
        </li>
        <li>
         <dl>
          <dlentry>
           <dt>ServerVirtualMemoryBytes</dt>
           <dd>This statistic shows the amount of virtual memory that is being used.</dd>
          </dlentry>
         </dl>
        </li>
        <li>
         <dl>
          <dlentry>
           <dt>ServerResidentSetBytes</dt>
           <dd>This statistic shows the amount of physical memory that is being used.</dd>
          </dlentry>
         </dl>
        </li>
        <li>
         <dl>
          <dlentry>
           <dt>MessagePayloads</dt>
           <dd>This statistic shows the amount of memory that is being consumed for message
                        payloads.</dd>
          </dlentry>
         </dl>
        </li>
        <li>
         <dl>
          <dlentry>
           <dt>PublishSubscribe</dt>
           <dd>This statistic shows the amount of memory that is being consumed for
                        publish/subscribe data structures. For example, topics and
                        subscriptions.</dd>
          </dlentry>
         </dl>
        </li>
        <li>
         <dl>
          <dlentry>
           <dt>Destinations</dt>
           <dd>This statistic shows the amount of memory that is being consumed for destinations on
                        which messages can be buffered. For example, queues.</dd>
          </dlentry>
         </dl>
        </li>
        <li>
         <dl>
          <dlentry>
           <dt>CurrentActivity</dt>
           <dd>This statistic shows the amount of memory that is being consumed for current
                        activity. For example, sessions, transactions and message
                        acknowledgments.</dd>
          </dlentry>
         </dl>
        </li>
        <li>
         <dl>
          <dlentry>
           <dt>ClientStates</dt>
           <dd>This statistic shows the amount of memory that is being consumed  for connected and
                        disconnected clients.</dd>
          </dlentry>
         </dl>
        </li>
       </ul><p>The default value is <parmname>MemoryTotalBytes</parmname>.</p></dd>
     </dlentry>
    </dl>
   </p></section>
<section><title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title><ul>
<li>The command must be capitalized as shown.</li>
<li>The command must use the double quotation marks as shown.</li>
<li>If the <codeph>SubType</codeph> is set to <parmname>History</parmname>,
and monitoring data is not available for the requested statistic,
a value of <codeph>-1</codeph> is returned.</li>
<li>The output shows the following fields:<dl><dlentry>
<dt>MemoryTotalBytes</dt>
<dd>Shows the total amount of physical memory.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>MemoryFreeBytes</dt>
<dd>Shows the amount of physical memory that is available.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>MemoryFreePercent</dt>
<dd>Shows the amount of free memory as a percentage of the total physical
memory.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>ServerVirtualMemoryBytes</dt>
<dd>Shows the amount of virtual memory that is being used by <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>ServerResidentSetBytes</dt>
<dd>Shows the amount of physical memory that is being used by <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>MessagePayloads</dt>
<dd>Shows the amount of memory in bytes that is being used by <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> for message
payloads.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>PublishSubscribe</dt>
<dd>Shows the amount of memory in bytes that is being used by <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> for publish/subscribe
data.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Destinations</dt>
<dd>Shows the amount of memory in bytes that is being used by <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> for destinations
on which messages can be buffered.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>CurrentActivity</dt>
<dd>Shows the amount of memory in bytes that is being used by <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> for current
activity.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>ClientStates</dt>
<dd>Shows the amount of memory that is being consumed by <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"><tm
tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Messaging Appliance</ph> for
connected and disconnected clients.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></section>
<section>
   <title>Example</title>
   <p>The following example uses cURL to show how a GET method is used to view statistical
        information about the <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> volatile
        memory. </p>
   <codeblock>curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/monitor/Memory?SubType=Current  
 
 </codeblock>
   <p>The following example shows a successful example response to the GET method that was used to
        create statistical information about the <ph
          conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> volatile memory:</p>
   <codeblock>
{ "Version":"v1", "Memory": { "MemoryTotalBytes":7934193664, "MemoryFreeBytes":5428342784, "MemoryFreePercent":68, 
"ServerVirtualMemoryBytes":2334150656, "ServerResidentSetBytes":795844608, "MessagePayloads":1048576, "PublishSubscribe":9961472, 
"Destinations":6299616, "CurrentActivity":3149808 , "ClientStates":524288 } }</codeblock>
  </section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224034 11?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000009200?>
