<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="cmd_imaserver_stat_endpoint" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Show endpoint level statistics by using <ph
   conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPIs"/></title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle> stat Endpoint</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>stat Endpoint</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Reports endpoint level monitoring data based on predefined queries. </section>
<section>
   <title>URI</title>
   <p>Use the <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API GET method with the
    following <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> monitoring URI:</p>
   <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/monitor/Endpoint</codeph></p>
  </section>
<section><title>Object configuration data</title><p>Provide endpoint object configuration data in
    the payload of the GET method by using the following schema. <parmname>Content-type</parmname>
    is set to <userinput>application/json</userinput>:
   </p><codeblock>curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/monitor/Endpoint?Name=<varname>EndpointName</varname>%26SubType=<varname>SubType</varname>%26Duration=<varname>Duration</varname>%26Monitoring-DataType=<varname>Monitoring-DataType</varname></codeblock> Where:<dl>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>Name</dt>
     <dd>Specifies the name of the endpoint to return statistics about.</dd>
     <dd>If a name is not specified, aggregate statistics for all endpoints are returned.</dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>SubType</dt>
     <dd>Specifies the monitoring data to report.</dd>
     <dd>This value can be one of the following values:<ul>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt><tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Current">Current</tm></dt>
          <dd>View the most recent statistics.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>History</dt>
          <dd>View older statistics.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
      </ul></dd>
     <dd>The default value is <parmname>Current</parmname>.</dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>Duration</dt>
     <dd>Specifies the time span, in seconds, of the data to be reported.</dd>
     <dd>The value must be in the range 1-86400.</dd>
     <dd>The default value is 1800.</dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>Monitoring-DataType</dt>
     <dd>Specifies the type of data to order the results by.</dd>
     <dd>This value can be one of the following values:<ul>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>ActiveConnections</dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by the number of connections that are active on the
           endpoint.</dd>
          <dd>This value is the default value.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>Connections</dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by the count of connections to the endpoint since <ph
            conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> was last reset.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>BadConnections</dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by the count of failed connections to the endpoint since
            <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> was last reset.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>LostMsgs</dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by the count of messages that, when published, resulted in
           an error on the endpoint since <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
           was last reset.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>ReadMsgs</dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by the count of the messages read on the endpoint since <ph
            conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> was last reset.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>ReadBytes</dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by the count of the number of bytes read on the endpoint
           since <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> was last reset.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>WarnMsgs</dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by the count of messages that, when published, resulted in
           a warning on the endpoint since <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
           was last reset.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>WriteMsgs</dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by the count of the number of messages that written on the
           endpoint since <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> was last
           reset.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>WriteBytes</dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by the count of the number of bytes written on the endpoint
           since <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> was last reset.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
      </ul></dd>
    </dlentry>
   </dl></section>
<section><title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title><ul>
    <li>Encode special endpoints that start with the character <userinput>!</userinput> with
      <userinput>%21</userinput> when using the REST API GET method.</li>
<li>The command must be capitalized as shown.</li>
<li>The command must use the double quotation marks as shown.</li>
<li>The statistics that are produced  can be up to 60 seconds out of date.</li>
<li><p>The following fields are returned: <ul>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>Name</dt>
          <dd>String</dd>
          <dd>The name of the endpoint.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>IPAddr</dt>
          <dd>String</dd>
          <dd>The network interface address to which the endpoint is bound.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>Enabled</dt>
          <dd>Boolean</dd>
          <dd>Indicates whether the endpoint is enabled. If the endpoint is enabled and the
            <uicontrol>LastErrorCode</uicontrol> is zero, this indicates that the endpoint is
           accepting connections. </dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>Total</dt>
          <dd>Numeric</dd>
          <dd>The number of connections that completed through to the protocol handshake since
           configuration time.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>Active</dt>
          <dd>Numeric</dd>
          <dd>The number of connections that are currently active.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>Messages</dt>
          <dd>Numeric</dd>
          <dd>The number of messages that are sent or received since configuration time. </dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>Bytes</dt>
          <dd>Numeric</dd>
          <dd>The number of bytes that are sent and received since configuration time. </dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>LastErrorCode</dt>
          <dd>String</dd>
          <dd>This value provides an indication of the success of the last configuration of the
           endpoint. An endpoint is working if
            <uicontrol>Enabled</uicontrol>=<uicontrol>1</uicontrol> and
            <uicontrol>LastErrorCode</uicontrol>=<uicontrol>0</uicontrol>. For more information
           about error codes, see <xref format="dita"
            href="../../Troubleshooting/admin_messagecatalog.dita" scope="local" type="reference"
            >Message catalog</xref>.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>ConfigTime</dt>
          <dd>Date/time</dd>
          <dd>The time of the last major configuration of an endpoint and the time at which the
           statistics were reset. The <uicontrol>ConfigTime</uicontrol> is usually the time at which
           the endpoint is first enabled. If the endpoint is deleted and recreated, then the
           configuration time is updated. The <uicontrol>ConfigTime</uicontrol> is used by
           monitoring applications that keep time series statistics so that any discontinuity is
           identifiable. </dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>BadConnections</dt>
          <dd>Numeric</dd>
          <dd>The count of connections that failed before the protocol handshake completed.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
      </ul></p></li>
</ul></section>
<section>
   <title>Example</title>
   <p>The following example uses cURL to show how a GET method is used to create the most recent
    statistics for all endpoints:</p>
   <codeblock>curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/monitor/Endpoint?SubType=Current  
 
 </codeblock>
   <p>The following example shows a successful example response to the GET method that was used to
    create the most recent statistics for all endpoints:</p>
   <codeblock>{ 
    "Version":"v1", 
      "Endpoint": [ 
        {
          "Name":"DemoEndpoint","IPAddr":"ALL","Enabled":false,"Total":0,"Active":0,
          "Messages":0,"Bytes":0,"LastErrorCode":0,
          "ConfigTime":"2015-12-11T18:29:15.519Z","ResetTime":"1970-01-01T00:00:00.000Z","BadConnections":0
        },
        {
          "Name":"DemoMqttEndpoint","IPAddr":"ALL","Enabled":false,"Total":0,"Active":0,
          "Messages":0,"Bytes":0,"LastErrorCode":0,
          "ConfigTime":"2015-12-11T18:29:15.519Z","ResetTime":null,"BadConnections":0
        },
        {
          "Name":"!MQConnectivityEndpoint","IPAddr":"/var/messagesight/data/MQConnectivityEndpoint_34109b4a50a7",
          "Enabled":true, "Total":0,"Active":0,"Messages":0,"Bytes":0,"LastErrorCode":0,
          "ConfigTime":"2016-04-27T16:42:33.464-05:00","ResetTime":null,"BadConnections":0
        } 
      ]  }</codeblock>
   <note>In the example that shows the most recent statistics for all endpoints,
     <codeph>!MQConnectivityEndpoint</codeph> is displayed even if MQConnectivity is not enabled.
     <codeph>!MQConnectivityEndpoint</codeph> is an internal pre-configured endpoint that cannot be
    changed. </note>
   <p>The following example uses cURL to show how a GET method is used to create the most recent
    statistics about an endpoint called DemoEndpoint:</p>
   <codeblock>curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/monitor/Endpoint?Name=DemoEndpoint%26SubType=Current  
 
 </codeblock>
   <p>The following example shows a successful example response to the GET method that was used to
    create the most recent statistics about an endpoint called DemoEndpoint:</p>
   <codeblock>{ "Version":"v1", "Endpoint": [ {
    "Name":"DemoEndpoint","IPAddr":"ALL","Enabled":false,"Total":0,"Active":0,"Messages":0,"Bytes":0,"LastErrorCode":0,
"ConfigTime":"2015-12-11T18:29:15.519Z","ResetTime":"1970-01-01T00:00:00.000Z","BadConnections":0 } ]
</codeblock>
   <p>The following example uses cURL to show how a GET method is used to create statistics about an
    internal pre-configured endpoint, <codeph>!MQConnectivityEndpoint</codeph>:</p>
   <codeblock>curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/monitor/Endpoint?Name=%21MQConnectivityEndpoint 
 
 </codeblock>
   <p>
    <note>You must encode the special endpoints that start with the character
      <userinput>!</userinput> with <userinput>%21</userinput> when using the REST API GET
     method.</note>
   </p>
   <p>The following example shows a successful example response to the GET method that was used to
    create statistics about <codeph>!MQConnectivityEndpoint</codeph>:</p>
   <codeblock>
{ 
"Version":"v1", "Endpoint": [ { "Name":"!MQConnectivityEndpoint","IPAddr":"127.0.0.1",
"Enabled":true,"Total":0,"Active":0,"Messages":0,"Bytes":0,"LastErrorCode":0,"ConfigTime":"2016-04-27T16:42:33.464-05:00",
"ResetTime":null,"BadConnections":0 }]
}
</codeblock>
  </section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224034 2?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000009420?>
