<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="cmd_imaserver_stat_dmr" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Show destination mapping rule statistics by <ph
   conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPIs"/>
 </title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle> DestinationMappingRule</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm> DestinationMappingRule</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Reports destination mapping rule monitoring data based on predefined
   queries. </section>
<section>
   <title>URI</title>
   <p>Use the <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API GET method with the
    following <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> monitoring URI:</p>
   <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/monitor/DestinationMappingRule</codeph></p>
  </section>
<section><title>Object configuration data</title><p>Provide query parameters requesting the
    statistics that you want returned in the JSON payload. The following example uses cURL to create
    destination mapping rule-related statistics:</p><codeblock>curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/monitor/DestinationMappingRule?Name=<varname>Name</varname>
%26RuleType=<varname>RuleType</varname>%26Association=<varname>Association</varname>%26StatType=<varname>StatType</varname>
%26ResultCount=<varname>ResultCount</varname></codeblock>where:<dl>
    <dlentry>
     <dt><varname>Name</varname></dt>
     <dd>Specifies the name of the destination mapping rule to collect data about.</dd>
     <dd>You can use an asterisk (*) as a wildcard to specify a group of destination mapping rules.
      For example, to view the status of all destination mapping rules that start with
       <codeph>MQ</codeph>, use <codeph>MQ*</codeph></dd>
     <dd>The default value is <parmname>*</parmname></dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt><varname>ResultCount</varname></dt>
     <dd>Specifies the maximum number of results to report.</dd>
     <dd>This value can be one of the following values: 10, 25, 50, 100.</dd>
     <dd>The default value is 25.</dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt><varname>StatType</varname></dt>
     <dd>Specifies the type of data to order the results by</dd>
     <dd>This value can be one of the following values:<ul>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>CommitCount</dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by the number of commit operations that are completed for
           the destination mapping rule.</dd>
          <dd>This value is the default value.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>RollbackCount</dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by the number of rollback operations that are completed for
           the destination mapping rule.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>PersistentCount</dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by the number of persistent messages that are sent by using
           the destination mapping rule.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>NonPersistentCount</dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by the number of nonpersistent messages that are sent by
           using the destination mapping rule.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>CommittedMessageCount</dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by the number of messages that are transferred within the
           transactions.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>Status</dt>
          <dd>Orders the monitoring data by the status of the destination mapping rule.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
      </ul></dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt><varname>RuleType</varname></dt>
     <dd>Specifies the type of rule to return monitoring data for.</dd>
     <dd>You can specify one of the following values:<ul>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>IMATopicToMQQueue</dt>
          <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
            conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic to <ph
            conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> queue.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>IMATopicToMQTopic</dt>
          <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
            conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic to <ph
            conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>MQQueueToIMATopic</dt>
          <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
            conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> queue to <ph
            conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>MQTopicToIMATopic</dt>
          <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
            conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic to <ph
            conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>IMATopicSubtreeToMQQueue</dt>
          <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
            conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic subtree to <ph
            conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> queue.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>IMATopicSubtreeToMQTopic</dt>
          <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
            conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic subtree to <ph
            conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>IMATopicSubtreeToMQTopicSubtree</dt>
          <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
            conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic subtree to <ph
            conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic subtree.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>MQTopicSubtreeToIMATopic</dt>
          <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
            conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic subtree to <ph
            conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>MQTopicSubtreeToIMATopic</dt>
          <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
            conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic subtree to <ph
            conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>MQTopicSubtreeToIMATopicSubtree</dt>
          <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
            conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic subtree to <ph
            conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic subtree.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>IMAQueueToMQQueue</dt>
          <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
            conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> queue to <ph
            conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> queue.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>IMAQueueToMQTopic</dt>
          <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
            conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> queue to <ph
            conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>MQQueueToIMAQueue</dt>
          <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
            conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> queue to <ph
            conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> queue.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>MQTopicToIMAQueue</dt>
          <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
            conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic to <ph
            conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> queue.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>MQTopicSubtreeToIMAQueue</dt>
          <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
            conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic subtree to <ph
            conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> queue.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>Any</dt>
          <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of all types.</dd>
          <dd>This value is the default value.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
      </ul></dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt><varname>Association</varname></dt>
     <dd>Specifies the queue manager connection that the destination mapping rule must be associated
      with to have monitoring data returned.</dd>
     <dd>You can use an asterisk (*) as a wildcard to specify a group of queue manager connections.
      For example, to view the status of all destination mapping rules that are associated with
      queue managers that start with <codeph>MQ</codeph>, use <codeph>MQ*</codeph></dd>
     <dd>The default value is <parmname>*</parmname></dd>
    </dlentry>
   </dl></section>
<section><title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title><ul>
<li>The command must be capitalized as shown.</li>
<li>The command must use the double quotation marks as shown.</li>
<li>The statistics that are produced can be up to 60 seconds out of date.</li>
<li>The value of the status field can be one of the following values:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>0</dt>
<dd>Enabled.</dd>
<dd>The rule is operating normally.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>1</dt>
<dd>Disabled.</dd>
<dd>The rule is not operating. The rule must be restarted by an administrator.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>2</dt>
<dd>Reconnecting.</dd>
<dd>The rule encountered a problem. <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> is attempting
to restart the rule.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>3</dt>
<dd>Starting.</dd>
<dd>The rule is being activated.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></li>
</ul></section>
  <example>
   <p>The following example uses cURL to show how a GET method is used to create statistics about
    destination mapping rules with a IMATopicToMQQueue rule type. The data is ordered by commit
    count:</p>
   <codeblock>curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/monitor/DestinationMappingRule?Name=*%26RuleType=IMATopicToMQQueue%26StatType=CommittedMessageCount
 
 </codeblock>
   <p>The following example shows a successful example response to the GET method that was used to
    create statistics about destination mapping rules with a IMATopicToMQQueue rule type:</p>
   <codeblock>{ "Version":"v1", "DestinationMappingRule": [ {"RuleName":"MyDestinationMappingRule","QueueManagerConnection":"QM1","CommitCount":1,
"RollbackCount":0,"CommittedMessageCount":0,"PersistentCount":0,"NonpersistentCount":0,"Status":3 } ] }
</codeblock>
  </example>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224034 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000010878?>
