<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="cmd_imaserver_stat_transaction" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Show transaction data for XA transaction statistics by using <ph
			conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPIs"/>
	</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>  Transaction</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm> Transaction</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Reports transaction data for XA transactions being coordinated by an
			external transaction manager. </section>
<section><title>URI</title>Use the <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API
			GET method with the following <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
			monitoring URI:
					<p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/monitor/Transaction</codeph></p></section>
<section><title>Object configuration data</title>Provide query parameters requesting the statistics
			that you want returned in the JSON payload. The following example uses cURL to create
			transaction-related statistics:<codeblock>curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/monitor/Transaction?XID=<varname>XID</varname>%26StatType=<varname>StatType</varname>
%26TranState=<varname>TranState</varname>%26ResultCount=<varname>ResultCount</varname></codeblock><dl>
				<dlentry>
					<dt><varname>XID</varname></dt>
					<dd>Specifies the XA transaction branch identifier (XID) of the transaction
						about which to report data.</dd>
					<dd>You can use an asterisk (*) to match 0 or more characters.</dd>
					<dd>The default value is *; data for all transactions matching the other
						criteria is reported.</dd>
				</dlentry>
				<dlentry>
					<dt><varname>TranState</varname></dt>
					<dd>Specifies the state of the transactions about which to report data.</dd>
					<dd>This value can be one of the following values:<ul>
							<li>
								<dl>
									<dlentry>
										<dt>All</dt>
										<dd>Data about transactions that are in any of prepared,
											committed or rolled back states is reported.</dd>
										<dd>This value is the default value.</dd>
									</dlentry>
								</dl>
							</li>
							<li>
								<dl>
									<dlentry>
										<dt>Heuristic</dt>
										<dd>Data about transactions that have been committed or
											rolled back is reported.</dd>
									</dlentry>
								</dl>
							</li>
							<li>
								<dl>
									<dlentry>
										<dt>HeuristicCommit</dt>
										<dd>Data about transactions that have been committed is
											reported.</dd>
									</dlentry>
								</dl>
							</li>
							<li>
								<dl>
									<dlentry>
										<dt>HeuristicRollback</dt>
										<dd>Data about transactions that have been rolled back is
											reported.</dd>
									</dlentry>
								</dl>
							</li>
							<li>
								<dl>
									<dlentry>
										<dt>Prepared</dt>
										<dd>Data about transactions that are in prepared state is
											reported.</dd>
									</dlentry>
								</dl>
							</li>
						</ul></dd>
				</dlentry>
				<dlentry>
					<dt><varname>ResultCount</varname></dt>
					<dd>Specifies the maximum number of results to report.</dd>
					<dd>This value can be one of the following values: 10, 25, 50, 100.</dd>
					<dd>The default value is 25.</dd>
				</dlentry>
				<dlentry>
					<dt><varname>StatType</varname></dt>
					<dd>Specifies the type of data to order the results by.</dd>
					<dd>This value can be one of the following values:<ul>
							<li>
								<dl>
									<dlentry>
										<dt>LastStateChangeTime</dt>
										<dd>Orders the data according to the time and date when the
											state of the transaction most recently changed.</dd>
										<dd>This value is the default value.</dd>
									</dlentry>
								</dl>
							</li>
						</ul></dd>
				</dlentry>
			</dl></section>
<section><title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title><ul>
<li>The command must be capitalized as shown.</li>
<li>The command must use the double quotation marks as shown.</li>
<li>The following fields are returned:<ul>
						<li>
							<dl>
								<dlentry>
									<dt>XID</dt>
									<dd>String</dd>
									<dd>The XID of the transaction.</dd>
								</dlentry>
							</dl>
						</li>
						<li>
							<dl>
								<dlentry>
									<dt>TranState</dt>
									<dd>String</dd>
									<dd>The state of the transaction.</dd>
								</dlentry>
							</dl>
						</li>
						<li>
							<dl>
								<dlentry>
									<dt>LastStateChangeTime</dt>
									<dd>String</dd>
									<dd>The time at which the transaction state changed to the value
										in <parmname>TranState</parmname></dd>
								</dlentry>
							</dl>
						</li>
					</ul></li>
</ul></section>
<section>
			<title>Example</title>
			<p>The following example uses cURL to show how a GET method is used to create statistics
				about all transaction branches:</p>
			<codeblock>curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/monitor/Transaction?XID=*%26TranState=All
 
 </codeblock>
			<p>The following example shows a successful example response to the GET method that was
				used to create statistics about transaction branches that have been heuristically
				rolled back:</p>
			<codeblock>{ "Version":"v1", "Transaction": [ { "XID":"57415344:0000014247FEBB3D0997000012008CC78A1A981840C3350B9E23A3C2EFB8E5A6D864A89C0:00000001",
"TranState":"Prepared","LastStateChangeTime":1446728129213566618 }
 ] }
</codeblock>
		</section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224035 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000005436?>
