<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="cmd_imaserver_stat_server" xml:lang="en-us">
 <title>Show server statistics by using <ph
      conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPIs"/>
  </title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle> stat Server</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>stat Server</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Shows information about the server connections for <ph
    conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>.</section>
  <section><title>URI</title>Use the <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST
      API GET method with the following <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
      monitoring
        URI:<p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/monitor/Server</codeph></p></section>
<section><title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title><ul>
<li>The command must be capitalized as shown.</li>
<li>This command returns the following statistics for all active endpoints:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Active connections</dt>
<dd>The current count of connections that are open.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Total connections</dt>
<dd>The total count of connections that were accepted by <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> since the
server was started.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>MsgRead</dt>
<dd>The count of incoming messages on all connections.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>MsgWrite</dt>
<dd>The count of outgoing messages on all connections.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>BytesRead</dt>
<dd>The number of bytes of incoming data on all connections.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>BytesWrite</dt>
<dd>The number of bytes of outgoing data on all connections.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>BadConnCount</dt>
<dd>The count of client connections where a physical connection is
established, but messages cannot be sent or received. This statistic
includes connections where the following situations occur:<ul>
<li>The connection times out without receiving data.</li>
<li>The SSL/TLS secure connection cannot be established.</li>
<li>The protocol is not known.</li>
<li>The protocol is not allowed for the endpoint.</li>
<li>A user name and password is required, but no user name and password
is specified.</li>
<li>The user cannot be authenticated.</li>
<li>The user is not authorized to connect.</li>
</ul></dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>TotalEndpoints</dt>
<dd>The number of active endpoints.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>BufferedMessages</dt>
<dd>This statistic provides an approximate count of the number of
messages (including inflight messages) that are currently buffered
on queues and subscriptions on the <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server.</dd>
<dd>You can use this information to understand: <ul>
<li>If the number of buffered messages is growing, shrinking, or is
constant over time.</li>
<li>If the number of buffered messages is higher than expected for
your system at a point in time. </li>
<li>If your system is able to process the number of messages that
are passing through it.</li>
</ul> </dd>
<dd>You can also use this statistic in conjunction with the server memory usage statistics on the
                      <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> dashboard to help
                    with your capacity planning. Use this information to understand how many
                    messages can be buffered on your server. For example, server memory usage might
                    be at 50% with 4 million buffered messages, and at 60% with 8 million buffered
                    messages. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>RetainedMessages</dt>
<dd>This statistic provides an approximate count of the number of
retained messages (including inflight messages) that are currently
waiting on topics on the <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server. The
messages are waiting to be delivered to new subscribers on those topics
when their subscription is created for the first time.</dd>
<dd>The RetainedMessages statistic does not represent the number of
topics with a retained message, as a single topic might have multiple
retained messages that are inflight.</dd>
<dd>You can use this information to understand: <ul>
<li>If the number of retained messages is growing, shrinking, or is
constant over time.</li>
<li>If the number of retained messages is higher than expected for
your system at a point in time. </li>
<li>If your system is able to process the number of messages that
are passing through.</li>
</ul> </dd>
<dd>You can also use this statistic in conjunction with the server memory usage statistics on the
                      <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> dashboard to help
                    with your capacity planning. Use this information to understand how many
                    messages can be retained on the server. For example, the server memory usage
                    might be at 50% with 4 million retained messages, and at 60% with 8 million
                    retained messages. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>ExpiredMessages</dt>
<dd>This statistic provides a count of the number of expired messages
on queues and subscriptions on the <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server.</dd>
<dd>You can use this information to understand: <ul>
<li>If the number of expired messages is growing, shrinking, or is
constant over time.</li>
<li>If the number of expired messages is higher than expected for
your system at a point in time. </li>
<li>If your system is able to process the number of messages that
are passing through it.</li>
</ul> </dd>
<dd>You can also use this statistic in conjunction with the server memory usage statistics on the
                      <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> dashboard to help
                    with your capacity planning. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Related Commands</title><ul>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_imaserver_stat_Topic.dita"
scope="local" type="reference"></xref></li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Example</title>Show information about the server connections:<p>The following
        example uses cURL to show how a GET method is used to view statistical information about
        server connections:
        </p><codeblock>curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/monitor/Server
 
 </codeblock><p>The
        following example shows a successful example response to the GET method that was used to
        create statistical information about server
      connections:</p><codeblock>
{ "Version":"v1", "Server":  {"ActiveConnections":0,"TotalConnections":0,"MsgRead":0,"MsgWrite":0,"BytesRead":0,"BytesWrite":0,"BadConnCount":0,
"TotalEndpoints":3, "BufferedMessages":0,"RetainedMessages":0,"ExpiredMessages":0 }}</codeblock></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224034 4?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000006720?>
