<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="clusteringclientstate" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Clustering: Client state</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>Ensure that MQTT clients that connect specifying <codeph>cleanSession=False</codeph> always connect to an assigned server in the cluster.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>The MQTT protocol allows clients to connect in one of two <codeph>cleanSession</codeph> modes. If you specify <codeph>cleanSession=True</codeph>, the subscriptions and other state data that is kept while the client is connected is deleted when the client disconnects. If you specify <codeph>cleanSession=False</codeph>, the subscription and other state data that is kept while the client is connected is persisted when the client disconnects and resumed when the client reconnects; however, the data is persisted only on the server to which the client was connected and is not sent to other servers in the cluster.</p>
<p>If you need a client that was connected with a setting of <codeph>cleanSession=False</codeph> to resume the state that it left after it disconnected, ensure that the client reconnects to the same server in the cluster. The client can then receive messages on subscriptions that were published while it was disconnected and resolve the state of messages that it published. </p>
<p>Ensure that MQTT clients that connect specifying <codeph>cleanSession=False</codeph> always connect to an assigned server in the cluster. The assignment of such a server in the cluster can be achieved either by each client remembering which server it must connect to, or by the use of an intelligent load balancer which can direct clients that are specified <codeph>cleanSession=True</codeph> to any server in the cluster, and direct client that are specified <codeph>cleanSession=False</codeph> to the same server perhaps by using the specified client identifier to determine which server is the client's assigned server. </p>
</conbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="../Overview/ov00150_.dita" scope="peer" type="concept">
<linktext>Clustering in <ph conref = "../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph></linktext>
</link>
<link format="dita" href="../Developing/devmqttapp.dita" scope="peer" type="concept">
<linktext>Developing MQTT applications</linktext>
</link>
</related-links>
</concept>
