<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="develop_guide" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Developing client applications</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>You can develop your own client applications to use with <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>. </shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> provides native support for JMS and MQ
Telemetry Transport (MQTT) v3.1 to v5.0 client applications. Additionally, <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> provides support for <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> client applications that use the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"/> component. </p>
<!--<p>You can also add your own protocols by using the protocol plug-in.</p>-->
<p>Through the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server,
a business's back-end systems can use, and respond to, the messages
that come from edge of network devices and applications. Messaging
applications that are associated with this back-end processing are
natively supported when using MQTT or JMS protocol. </p>
<p>Applications might use the MQTT protocol if they communicate across
fragile, low bandwidth, and expensive networks, or if they run on
devices where battery power must be protected and conserved.</p>
<p>The JMS API is designed to address the needs of enterprise applications.
JMS message objects can be configured to include more information
than MQTT messages by using message properties. While extra information
can make JMS messages larger, this information can be useful when
more complex business logic is required in enterprise messaging applications.
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> JMS client
includes both the standard JMS API for <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> SE
applications and a resource adapter to support <tm tmtype="tm"
trademark="Java">Java</tm> EE applications such as message driven
beans. </p>
<p>For more information about the downloads that are available, see the <xref
href="https://www.ibm.com/developerworks/downloads/iot/messagesight/index.html" scope="external"
format="html"><ph conref = "../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM_prev_prev"></ph> page</xref> on
<tm tmtype="reg" trademark="developerWorks">developerWorks</tm>.</p>
</conbody>
<?tm 1413224017 4?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000002601?>
