<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="devjmslements" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Elements of a JMS application</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. Use Edit > Un Comment to have the tags made live.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>This topic contains the different elements of a JMS messaging
system.</shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<refbody>
<section><p>A JMS application is composed of the following parts:</p><dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>JMS client</dt>
<dd>An application or process that produces messages, consumes messages
or both. </dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Administered objects</dt>
<dd>Preconfigured JMS objects created by an administrator for the
use of clients. The two kinds of JMS administered objects are destinations
and connection factories.<dl><dlentry>
<dt>Destination</dt>
<dd>The object a client uses to specify the target of messages it
produces and the source of messages it consumes. The Destination implementation
in the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> JMS
client implements two destination interfaces: <ul>
<li>Topic</li>
<li>Queue</li>
</ul></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Connection factory </dt>
<dd>An object that a JMS client uses to create a connection with a
JMS provider. The ConnectionFactory implementation in the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> JMS client implements
the three connection factory interfaces: <ul>
<li>ConnectionFactory</li>
<li>TopicConnectionFactory</li>
<li>QueueConnectionFactory</li>
</ul></dd>
</dlentry></dl></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Message</dt>
<dd>An object that contains the data being transferred between JMS
clients.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Message producer</dt>
<dd>A JMS client that creates and sends messages.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Message consumer</dt>
<dd>A JMS client that receives messages.</dd>
</dlentry></dl><note otherprops="betaonly" type="important">The function
of queues is not implemented within the JMS client for the Beta release. </note></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1354783731 0?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000002715?>
