<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="devjms_hasamples" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>The HATopicPublisher and HADurableSubscriber applications</title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. Use Edit > Un Comment to have the tags made live.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>The HATopicPublisher and HADurableSubscriber applications
demonstrate how to enable JMS client applications to use <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> high availability
features.</shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<refbody>
<section><p>These applications are in the <codeph>com.ibm.ima.samples.jms</codeph> package
and are designed to work with each other.  The HATopicPublisher publishes
messages to a durable topic and the HADurableSubscriber reads messages
from that topic. These samples show how to use built-in high availability
features in the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> JMS
client, and how client applications can function with resilience when
the primary server goes down and the standby server becomes the primary
server in a high availability configuration.</p><p>A high availability
configuration provides the following features:<ul>
<li>The ability to use the client <parmname>Server</parmname> ConnectionFactory
property to configure the list of host names (or IP addresses) for
the configured high availability servers. </li>
<li>The ability to use the client <parmname>isClosed</parmname> property
to determine whether the connection to the server was lost when a
failure is reported.</li>
</ul></p><p>When the ConnectionFactory <parmname>Server</parmname> property
contains a list of servers, the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> JMS client attempts
to connect to each server in the list until a successful connection
is established. If a client application is connected to a server that
goes down, the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> JMS
client sets the <parmname>isClosed</parmname> property in the Connection
object to <codeph>true</codeph>. Client applications always check
the <parmname>isClosed</parmname> property when failures occur. When
a client application finds that <parmname>isClosed</parmname> is <codeph>true</codeph>,
a new connection is created so that processing can continue. <note>During
failover or synchronization the primary server might not be responsive
for some time, depending on the current server state. </note></p><p>You
can run the HATopicPublisher application by using the following command.
The command consists of five required positional arguments and three
more positional arguments that are optional.</p><codeblock>java com.ibm.ima.samples.jms.HATopicPublisher serverlist serverport topicname count messagetext <?linebreak pdf?>[msgspersec] [initdurablesub] [debug]</codeblock><p>Where
the positional arguments are:</p><dl><dlentry>
<dt>serverlist</dt>
<dd>A string that represents a list of <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server
      host names or IP addresses. This list can be comma or space delimited.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>serverport</dt>
<dd>An integer value that represents the port number for connections to the <ph
       conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>topicname</dt>
<dd>A string that represents the name of the topic destination for
published messages.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>count</dt>
<dd>An integer value that represents the number of messages to publish.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>messagetext</dt>
<dd> A string that represents the content of the published messages.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>msgspersec</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>An integer value that represents the number of messages to send
per second. The default value is <codeph>5000</codeph>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>initdurablesub</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>A Boolean value that indicates whether a durable subscription
is initialized for the specified topic. The default value is <codeph>true</codeph>.</dd>
<dd>As <codeph>initdurablesub</codeph> is a positional argument, if
you change the default value then you must specify <codeph>msgspersec</codeph> in
the command.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>debug</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>A Boolean value that indicates whether to provide debug output
from the application. The default value is <codeph>false</codeph>.</dd>
<dd>As <codeph>debug</codeph> is a positional argument, if you change
the default value then you must specify <codeph>msgspersec</codeph> and <codeph>initdurablesub</codeph> in
the command.</dd>
</dlentry></dl><p></p><p>You can run the HADurableSubscriber application
by using the following command. The command consists of four required
positional arguments and a fifth positional argument that is optional.</p><codeblock>java com.ibm.ima.samples.jms.HADurableSubscriber serverlist serverport topicname count [receivetimeout]</codeblock><p>Where
the positional arguments are:</p><dl><dlentry>
<dt>serverlist</dt>
<dd>A string that represents a list of <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server
      host names or IP addresses. This list can be comma or space delimited.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>serverport</dt>
<dd>An integer value that represents the port number for connections to the <ph
       conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>topicname</dt>
<dd>A string that represents the durable subscription topic name.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>count</dt>
<dd>An integer value that represents the number of messages to receive.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>receivetimeout</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>The number of seconds to wait for the first message to be received.
The default value is <codeph>10</codeph> seconds.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
<section><title>Examples</title><p>The following commands show examples
of the arguments that you can use to run the HATopicPublisher application.</p><p>This
example uses the default values of the optional arguments.</p><codeblock>java com.ibm.ima.samples.jms.HATopicPublisher "server1.example.com, server2.example.com" 16102 <?linebreak pdf?> durableTopic 2000 "Test message"</codeblock><p>This
example sets <parmname>debug</parmname> to <codeph>true</codeph> rather
than using the default value of <codeph>false</codeph>. This setting
means that debug output is provided. As <parmname>debug</parmname> is
a positional argument, the values of <parmname>msgspersec</parmname> and
 <parmname>initdurablesub</parmname> must be specified even when the
default values are used.</p><codeblock>java com.ibm.ima.samples.jms.HATopicPublisher "server1.example.com, server2.example.com" 16102 <?linebreak pdf?> durableTopic 2000 "Test message" 5000 true true </codeblock><p>The
following commands show examples of the arguments that you can use
to run the HADurableSubscriber application.</p><p>This example uses
the default <parmname>receivetimeout</parmname> value of 10 seconds.</p><codeblock>java com.ibm.ima.samples.jms.HADurableSubscriber "server1.example.com, server2.example.com" 16102 <?linebreak pdf?> durableTopic 2000</codeblock><p>This
example sets the <parmname>receivetimeout</parmname> value to 60 seconds.</p><codeblock>java com.ibm.ima.samples.jms.HADurableSubscriber "server1.example.com, server2.example.com" 16102 <?linebreak pdf?> durableTopic 2000 60 </codeblock></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224019 0?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000008099?>
