<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="devjms_connectionfactoryproperties" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>ConnectionFactory properties</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. Use Edit > Un Comment to have the tags made live.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>ConnectionFactory properties are used to create the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> JMS client Connection
object. </shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<refbody>
<section><p>When a Connection is created, these properties are copied
to the Connection object and are available as read only properties
in the Connection. When a Session is created from the Connection,
the properties of the Connection are copied into the Session and are
available as read only properties. The properties within the Connection
and Session represent the current state of those objects. For consumer
specific property values, the UserData property is defined on the
ConnectionFactory interface. Because it is intended for use by API
consumers, this property value can be set at any time on the ConnectionFactory
object and on objects derived from it (Connection and Session objects).
Additional user properties (with custom names, instead of UserData)
can be defined using the ImaProperties.addValidProperty() method.
In order for a custom property to be writable in derived Connection
and Session objects, the property name must contain the string "user".
Otherwise, the property will be read only for the derived objects. </p><p>The
properties which almost always need to be set are the Server and Port
which define the location of the server. To use secure communications
you must set the Protocol to "tcps". </p></section>
</refbody><?Pub Caret -1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000002382?>
