<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="devjms_destinationproperties" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Destination properties</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. Use Edit > Un Comment to have the tags made live.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>Destination properties are used when you are creating an <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> JMS client MessageConsumer
or MessageProducer. </shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<refbody>
<section><p>The only property that is normally set for a Destination
is the Name. Because there are so few properties associated with a
destination in <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>,
it is common to use the Session.createTopic(String) method to create
the destination by name. </p><p>When a MessageProducer or MessageConsumer
is created, its effective properties are created from the Destination
properties and are available as read only properties. Even when the
properties are read only, properties whose name contains the string
"user" can be modified. These properties are not used by the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> JMS client but
are made available for the application. For consumer-specific property
values, the UserData property is defined on the Destination interface.
Because it is intended for use by API consumers, this property value
can be set at any time on the Destination object and on objects that
are derived from it (MessageConsumer and MessageProducer objects).
Additional user properties (with custom names, instead of UserData)
can be defined by using the IsmProperties.addValidProperty() method.
In order for a custom property to be writable in derived MessageConsumer
and MessageProducer objects, the property name must contain the string
"user". Otherwise, the property is read only for the derived objects. </p></section>
</refbody>
</reference><?Pub Caret -1?>
<?Pub *0000002554?>
