<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="devjms_underjavasecuritymanager" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Running <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> JMS
client applications under the <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> Security
Manager</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>The <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> JMS
client can run with the <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> Security
Manager enabled. To successfully run applications with the Security
Manager enabled, you must configure your JVM with a suitable policy
definition file.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p></p>
<p>The simplest way to configure your JVM  is to change the policy
file that is supplied with the JRE. On most systems, this file is
stored in the path <codeph>lib/security/java.policy</codeph>, relative
to your JRE directory. You can edit policy files by using your preferred
editor or by using the <codeph>policytool</codeph> program that is
supplied with your JRE.</p>
<p>The <filepath>imaclientjms.jar</filepath> file must be configured
with the authority to complete the following tasks;<ul>
<li>Create sockets</li>
<li>Read various properties from the environment</li>
</ul></p>
<p>The following information provides an example of a policy file
entry that allows the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> JMS
client to run successfully under the default security manager. <codeblock>grant codeBase "file:IMACLIENT_INSTALLATION_PATH/ImaClient/jms/lib/imaclientjms.jar" {
  permission java.net.SocketPermission "IMASERVER:IMAPORT", "connect";
  permission java.util.PropertyPermission "IMATraceLevel", "read";
  permission java.util.PropertyPermission "IMATraceFile", "read";
  permission java.io.FilePermission "IMACLIENT_TRACE_FILE", "write";
};</codeblock></p>
<p>Using the example that is provided, complete the following steps: <ul>
<li>Replace the string <codeph>IMACLIENT_INSTALLATION_PATH</codeph> with
the location where the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> JMS
client is installed on your system.</li>
<li>Replace the string <codeph>IMASERVER</codeph> with the host name for <ph
            conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> server.</li>
<li>Replace <codeph>IMAPORT</codeph> with the port number you that
you want to use for connections.</li>
<li>Replace <codeph>IMACLIENT_TRACE_FILE</codeph> with a file name
if you want to specify a file for trace output. The value that you
assign to <codeph>IMACLIENT_TRACE_FILE</codeph> must match the file
name that you specify for <codeph>IMATraceFile</codeph> when you run
a client application.</li>
</ul></p>
<p>You can specify multiple entries for <parmname>java.net.SocketPermission</parmname> and
for <parmname> java.io.FilePermission</parmname>. Specify one line
for each host/port pair, or for each file name.  You can optionally
specify <userinput>*</userinput> for <codeph>IMASERVER:IMAPORT</codeph> and
for <codeph>IMACLIENT_TRACE_FILE</codeph>.  However, use <userinput>*</userinput> with
caution as this value grants access to all possible values.</p>
<p>This example of a policy file entry enables the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> JMS
client to work correctly under the security manager. You might need
to enable your own code to run correctly before your applications
work. The sample code that is shipped with <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> JMS
client is not specifically enabled for use with the security manager.</p>
</conbody>
<?tm 1413224019 2?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000003819?>
