<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="devjms_consumerapplicationbasics" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Consumer application basics</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. Use Edit > Un Comment to have the tags made live.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>For a JMS consumer application, perform the basic steps
contained in this topic.</shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<taskbody>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Retrieve a connection factory object from a JNDI repository. </cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Create a connection using the connection factory object.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Create a session using the connection object.</cmd></step>
<step>
    <cmd>Retrieve a destination object from a JNDI repository. </cmd>
   </step><?Pub Caret 55?>
<step><cmd>Use the session object and the destination object to create
a message consumer.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Use the message consumer to receive messages from the destination.</cmd>
<info> </info>
    <tutorialinfo>
     <p/>
     <p/>
     <p>In order for a consumer to receive messages, there must be a producer sending messages to
      the same destination from which the consumer is attempting to receive.</p>
     <p>For persistent or transacted workloads on <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
      />, you can maximize performance by increasing the value of
       <varname>IMADeliveryThreads</varname> environment variable. The
       <varname>IMADeliveryThreads</varname> environment variable has a default value of 2. In
      persistent or transacted workloads it can be helpful to increase this value up to 100. The
      optimal value depends on several factors: <ul>
       <li>The number of cores that are allocated to the <ph
         conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> VM.</li>
       <li>The number of cores that are allocated to the application using the <ph
         conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> JMS client library.</li>
       <li>The number of concurrent and active connections between the application and the <ph
         conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> VM.</li>
      </ul></p>
     <p>As these numbers increase, you can increase the value of
       <varname>IMADeliveryThreads</varname> to maximize performance.</p>
    </tutorialinfo></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000001831?>
