<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="devmsgsize" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Message size</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. Use Edit > Un Comment to have the tags made live.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>In <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>,
message size equals the payload plus any part of the properties that
exceeds 200 bytes.</shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<conbody>
<p>In MQTT, the only thing in the properties is the name of the topic
(plus 4 to 7 bytes of overhead). In JMS, the properties consist of
the optional header fields including the topic name and user properties.</p>
<section>
<table>
<title>Limits for JMS and MQTT</title>
<tgroup cols="2">
<thead>
<row>
<entry>Limit</entry>
<entry>Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>clientID</entry>
<entry>max=1024 characters</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>queue/topic name</entry>
<entry>max=65535 bytes of UTF8</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>topic name</entry>
<entry>max=65535 bytes of UTF8. Cannot have more than 32 levels
of topics.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>message size</entry>
<entry>The maximum size message that can be sent is determined by
the Max Message Size parameter on the endpoint, which cannot be larger
than 256MB. The default is 4MB. This includes the properties if they
exceed 200 bytes.<note type="restriction">The properties of a message
cannot exceed 16MB</note></entry><?Pub Caret 98?>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Property names</entry>
<entry>Must not exceed 32750 bytes if used in a selector.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Constants</entry>
<entry>Must not exceed 32750 bytes if used in a selector.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Selector</entry>
<entry>Cannot have more than 255 levels of nested parentheses.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Selection rule</entry>
<entry>Cannot have more than 32 levels of operators</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>System time for both client and server</entry>
<entry>Must be in the range between the years 1970 and 2261.<note>Expiration
might not work correctly if the client and server times are not synchronized.</note></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</section>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000002863?>
