<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002--><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?><?Pub Inc?><task id="devplug-invirtual" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Debugging a protocol plug-in by running the plug-in server and the plug-in on the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> server</title>
<shortdesc>You can debug your protocol plug-in by running the plug-in server and your plug-in on your <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> server.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq><p>Download and extract the contents of the SDK bundle. Then,
follow the instructions in <filepath>ImaTools/ImaPlugin/README.txt</filepath> to
import the sample plug-in projects that are provided with the SDK
bundle.</p></prereq>
<context><p>After the first phase of development is finished, you must test your production protocol plug-in by installing it and running it on your <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> server. If you encounter unexpected problems while you run in that environment, you can use the second debugging approach to connect to the plug-in server that runs on the server. When you debug during this phase, you must create a new plug-in zip file and reinstall it on the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> server each time that you make updates to your plug-in classes.</p><p>For
more information about how to debug your protocol plug-in in the first
phase of development, see <xref href="devplug-ineclipse.dita" />.</p></context>
<steps>
<step>
<cmd>Deploy the plug-in on the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> server and configure the server to enable remote debugging from Eclipse:</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep>
<cmd>Create a standard .zip archive file with the <codeph>plugin.json</codeph> descriptor file and the JAR files that implement the plug-in. For more information, see <xref href="devplug-in.dita" />.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Install the plug-in .zip file on your <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> server. For more information, see <xref href="../Administering/dv00010.dita"/>.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Ensure that the <codeph>PluginDebugServer</codeph> property is not set by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> REST API POST method with the following <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> configuration URI:</cmd>
<info>
<p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port&gt;/ima/v1/configuration/</codeph></p>
<p>Provide PluginDebugServer object configuration data in the payload of the POST method by using the following schema. <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to <userinput>application/json</userinput>. Ensure that capitalization and double quotation marks are used as shown. <codeblock>
{    
  "PluginDebugServer": ""
}</codeblock></p>
</info>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Set the <codeph>PluginDebugPort</codeph> property to the port that Eclipse is using for remote debugging by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> REST API POST method with the following <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> configuration URI:</cmd>
<info>
<p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port&gt;/ima/v1/configuration/</codeph></p>
<p>Provide PluginDebugPort object configuration data in the payload of the POST method by using the following schema. <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to <userinput>application/json</userinput>. Ensure that capitalization and double quotation marks are used as shown. <codeblock>
{    
  "PluginDebugPort": 8000
}</codeblock></p>
<note>The value that is specified for the <codeph>PluginDebugPort</codeph> must match the port value that is specified for the Eclipse remote debugger configuration in Step 2e.</note>
<note type="tip">You can check the value of the <codeph>PluginDebugPort</codeph> object by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> REST API GET method with the following <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> configuration URI:<p>
<codeblock>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port&gt;/ima/v1/configuration/PluginDebugPort</codeblock>
</p></note>
</info>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Stop and restart the server by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> REST API POST method with the following <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> configuration URI:</cmd>
<info>
<p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:port&gt;/ima/v1/service/restart</codeph></p>
<p>Provide configuration data in the payload of the POST method by using the following schema. <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to <userinput>application/json</userinput>. Ensure that capitalization and double quotation marks are used as shown. <codeblock>
{    
  "Service": "Server"
}</codeblock></p>
</info>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Start the Eclipse remote <tm trademark="Java" tmtype="tm"
>Java</tm> debugger for the plug-in server that runs on the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server.</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep>
<cmd>In Eclipse, from the <uicontrol>Run</uicontrol> menu, select <uicontrol>Debug Configurations...</uicontrol></cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Right-click <uicontrol>Remote Java Application</uicontrol> and select <uicontrol>New</uicontrol></cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>In the <uicontrol>Name</uicontrol> field, enter <codeph>ImaPluginOnMessageGateway</codeph></cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>In the <uicontrol>Host</uicontrol> field, enter the IP address of the server</cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>In the <uicontrol>Port</uicontrol> field, enter <codeph>8000</codeph></cmd>
<info>
<note>This port value must match the <codeph>PluginDebugPort</codeph> that was set for the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server in step 1d.</note>
</info>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Select the <uicontrol>Source</uicontrol> tab and click <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol></cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Select <uicontrol>Java Project</uicontrol> and click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol></cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Select the project where the plug-in that you want to debug is and click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol></cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Apply</uicontrol></cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Debug</uicontrol></cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step><cmd>Set breakpoints in your plug-in source code and debug it
by using the client applications for the protocol that is implemented
in your plug-in.</cmd></step>
<step importance="optional"><cmd>If you stop the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> server after you start debugging, or if you stop the remote <tm trademark="Java" tmtype="tm">Java</tm> debugger, you must restart both processes:</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep>
<cmd>On the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> server, stop and restart the server by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> REST API POST method with the following <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> configuration URI:</cmd>
<info>
<p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:port&gt;/ima/v1/service/restart</codeph></p>
<p>Provide configuration data in the payload of the POST method by using the following schema. <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to <userinput>application/json</userinput>. Ensure that capitalization and double quotation marks are used as shown. <codeblock>
{    
  "Service": "Server"
}</codeblock></p>
</info>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>In Eclipse, from the <uicontrol>Run</uicontrol> menu,
select<uicontrol> Debug Configurations..</uicontrol></cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Find <uicontrol>Remote Java Application</uicontrol> and
select <codeph>ImaPlugInOnMessageGateway</codeph>. Then, click <uicontrol>Debug</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
</steps>
<postreq><ul>
<li>When you complete this phase of debugging, reset the <codeph>PluginDebugPort</codeph> object on the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> server. Use the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> REST API POST method with the following <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> configuration URI:<p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port&gt;/ima/v1/configuration/</codeph></p><p>Provide PluginDebugPort object configuration data in the payload of the POST method by using the following schema. <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to <userinput>application/json</userinput>. Ensure that capitalization and double quotation marks are used as shown. <codeblock>
{    
  "PluginDebugPort": 0
}</codeblock></p></li>
</ul></postreq>
</taskbody><?Pub Caret -1?>
</task><?Pub *0000005856?><?tm 1462280096464 2 Java ?>
