<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="devplug-indebug" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Debug environments for the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> protocol plug-in
SDK</title>
<shortdesc>You can debug the protocol plug-in that you are developing in two ways. You can choose to run the protocol plug-in server in Eclipse, or you can run the plug-in server and the plug-in on your <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server. </shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>By using the plug-in process classes in the <codeph>imaPlugin.jar</codeph> that is included in the SDK bundle, you can debug your protocol plug-in. This JAR file enables two methods of debugging protocol plug-ins: Running the protocol plug-in server in Eclipse, or running the plug-in server and the plug-in on your <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server.</p>
<p>If you run the protocol plug-in server in Eclipse, you can run the protocol plug-in server process remotely and use the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> server to forward messages to the external plug-in server process. This approach is intended for use during the early stages of development. With this approach, you can deploy a plug-in .zip file that contains only a <codeph>plugin.json</codeph> descriptor file and no JAR files. Then, you can debug and update your plug-in classes in your local development environment without redeploying a plug-in .zip file on the server. </p>
<p>After the first phase of development is finished, you must test your production protocol plug-in by installing it and running it on your <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> server. If you encounter unexpected problems while you run in that environment, you can use the second debugging approach to connect to the plug-in server that runs on the server. When you debug during this phase, you must create a new plug-in. zip file and reinstall it on the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> server each time that you make updates to your plug-in classes.</p><?Pub
Caret 516?>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000002778?>
