<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="devsharedsubscriptions" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Shared subscriptions</title>
<shortdesc><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> supports JMS version 1.1, MQTT
version 3.1.1, and MQTT version 5.0. JMS version 1.1 and MQTT version 3.1.1 are extended to support
shared subscriptions. MQTT version 5.0 supports shared subscriptions as part of the design. </shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>Shared subscriptions allow messages to be processed at a faster rate than a single client can accommodate. Messages on a shared subscription are processed even if a client application fails. There are four types of shared subscriptions:<ul>
<li>Global-shared non-durable subscriptions</li>
<li>Global-shared durable subscriptions</li>
<li>Private-shared non-durable subscriptions</li>
<li>Private-shared durable subscriptions</li>
</ul><note importance="high"
>The order of delivery of messages on shared subscriptions cannot be guaranteed. If you need to preserve message order, either include message order information for use by the client in the content of the message or do not use shared subscriptions.</note>For more information about the types of subscriptions that are supported in <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>, see <xref format="dita"
href="../Overview/ov30010.dita" scope="peer" type="concept"
>Subscribers and Subscriptions</xref>.</p>
<p>To enable client applications to receive messages from shared subscriptions, you must ensure that the appropriate messaging policies are configured. All types of shared subscriptions require a topic policy. For information about how to configure topic policies, see <xref
format="dita" href="../Security/se00015_.dita" scope="peer" type="concept"
>Topic policy</xref>. To enable client applications to receive messages from a global-shared durable subscription, a subscription policy must also be configured. For information about how to configure subscription messaging policies, see <xref
format="dita" href="../Security/se00014_.dita" scope="peer" type="concept"
>Subscription policy</xref>.</p>
<p>When you use <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> administering
and monitoring, global-shared durable subscriptions in the shared
namespace are shown with the client ID of <codeph>__Shared</codeph> (two
leading underscores). Global-shared non-durable subscriptions in the
shared namespace are shown with the client ID of <codeph>__SharedND</codeph>. </p>
<p>You can use global-shared subscriptions with JMS and MQTT. However, do not allow clients that use different protocols to share global-shared subscriptions. </p>
<section><title>JMS shared subscriptions</title><p>Factors to consider
when you use JMS shared subscriptions:<ul>
<li>The default value for the <codeph>ClientMessageCache</codeph> property
of a shared subscription is set to <userinput>0</userinput>. A value
of <userinput>0</userinput> maximizes the fairness of message distribution,
but does not maximize throughput. If you change the setting of the <codeph>ClientMessageCache</codeph> property
to a higher value, you can increase throughput. However, a higher
setting results in uneven message distribution. </li>
<li>When a shared subscription is created, all consumers must use
the same value for topic and selector. The <codeph>noLocal</codeph> setting
is ignored for shared subscriptions.</li>
<li>Shared non-durable subscriptions with a specified client ID can
exist within the same connection with the same name as a shared durable
subscription. To allow this, shared non-durable subscriptions with
a specified client ID have an underscore added at the start of the
subscription name within the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server.  Therefore,
avoid naming shared durable subscriptions with an underscore to prevent
conflicts. </li>
</ul></p><p>JMS client applications must use the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
<codeph>ImaSubscription</codeph> interface if they are to use shared subscriptions. The methods in this interface allow a topic and a subscription name to be specified when creating or joining a shared subscription. To enable JMS clients to receive messages from a shared subscription, there must exist a topic policy that has a <parmname>Topic</parmname> parameter that allows access to the topic that is specified on the subscription. To enable JMS clients to receive messages from a global-shared durable subscription, there must also exist a subscription policy that has a <parmname>Subscription</parmname> parameter that matches that matches the <parmname>DurableName</parmname> value that was used to create the subscription.</p><?Pub
Caret -2?><p>Unshared durable subscriptions must have a client ID
specified. The client ID specifies the namespace for the subscription
name. Unshared non-durable subscriptions do not require a client ID
to be specified. </p><p>For details about developing JMS shared subscription
applications for use with <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>, see <xref
format="dita" href="sharedsubscriptionsinjms.dita" scope="local"
type="concept">Shared subscriptions in JMS</xref>.</p></section>
<section><title>MQTT shared subscriptions</title><p>For MQTT, <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> provides support only for
global-shared subscriptions. To enable MQTT client applications to use global-shared subscriptions,
a particular <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic filter is required. This
topic filter signals to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> that the subscription
is a global-shared subscription. It has the following
form:<codeblock>$SharedSubscription/<varname>subName</varname>/<varname>topicFilter</varname></codeblock> where:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>$SharedSubscription</dt>
<dd>Indicates that the target of the SUBSCRIBE request is a global-shared subscription. This literal
string is case-sensitive. </dd>
<dd>Clients that connect with the clean session flag set to <userinput>false</userinput> in MQTTv3,
or with the clean session flag set to <userinput>true</userinput> , cannot share a subscription.
Trying to share a subscription results in the creation of two subscriptions with the same
<varname>subName</varname>.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl><dl>
<dlentry>
<dt><varname>subName</varname></dt>
<dd>Is the name of the shared subscription.</dd>
<dd>This value must not include any forward slashes ( / ).</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl><dl>
<dlentry>
<dt><varname>topicFilter</varname></dt>
<dd>Is a standard MQTT topic filter for any type of topic subscription. It can contain a single
topic name, or it can contain a topic filter that includes wildcards. For information about
wildcards in subscriptions, see <xref format="dita" href="../Overview/ov00032.dita" scope="peer"
type="concept">Wildcards</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl></p><p>To enable MQTT clients to receive messages from a global-shared durable subscription, two messaging policies are required: a topic policy with a <parmname>Topic</parmname> parameter that allows access to the topic specified on the subscription and a subscription policy with a <parmname>Subscription</parmname> parameter that matches the subName.</p><p>For details about developing MQTT shared subscription
applications for use with <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>, see <xref
format="dita" href="sharedsubscriptionsinmqtt.dita" scope="local"
type="concept">Global-shared subscriptions in MQTT</xref>.</p></section>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000006605?>
