<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="dv00000" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Installing, updating, or deleting the protocol plug-in by using
the CLI</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. Use Edit > Un Comment to have the tags made live.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>The protocol plug-in provides the ability for IBM and trusted
third parties to extend the
protocols that are supported by the appliance. </shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<taskbody>
<context><p>You can use the protocol plug-in to add industry-specific
messaging protocols to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> in a
controlled way that does not compromise the security of the appliance
environment. The protocol plug-in can also support legacy sensors
that are not able to change to MQTT. </p></context>
<steps-unordered>
<step><cmd>To install or update the plug-in by using the CLI, complete
the following steps:</cmd><info><ol>
<li>Load the plug-in compressed file onto the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> appliance
or virtual machine by using the <cmdname>file get</cmdname> command.
This command is shown in the following example: <p><codeph>file get
scp://user@192.0.2.32:/tmp/jsonmsg.zip </codeph></p></li>
<li>Verify that the file is correctly loaded on the appliance or virtual
machine by using the <cmdname>file list</cmdname> command. </li>
<li>Install the plug-in by using the <cmdname>imaserver apply</cmdname> command.
The command is shown in the following example: <p><codeph>imaserver
apply Plugin jsonmsg.zip</codeph></p></li>
<li>Restart the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> server. <p>The installation
of the plug-in takes effect only when the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> server
is restarted. Files are put into directory <codeph>/opt/ibm/imaserver/config/plugin/protocol/<varname>plugin
name</varname></codeph> at the server restart. The plug-in can be
updated at any time, but the update is not effective until the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> server
is restarted.</p></li>
</ol></info></step>
<step><cmd>To delete the plug-in by using the CLI, complete the following
steps:</cmd><info><ol>
<li>Delete the plug-in by using the <cmdname>imaserver delete</cmdname> command.
This command is shown in the following example:<p><codeph>imaserver
delete Plugin "Name=<varname>plugin_name</varname>" </codeph></p><p>Where <dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>plugin_name</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the plug-in that you want to delete. </dd>
</dlentry></dl><?Pub Caret 24?></p></li>
<li>Restart the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> server. <p>The
deletion of the plug-in takes effect only when the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> server
is restarted. The following directory <codeph>/opt/ibm/imaserver/config/plugin/protocol/<varname>plugin
name</varname></codeph>, and the files under that directory are removed
as part of the server restart. </p></li>
</ol></info></step>
</steps-unordered>
<example><p>The following example shows the steps to delete a plug-in
that is called <codeph>jsonmsg.zip</codeph>.<codeblock>admin@(none)> imaserver delete Plugin "Name=jsonmsg.zip"
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
admin@(none)> imaserver start imaserver
Start IBM Message Gateway server.
IBM Message Gateway is running in production mode.
admin@(none)></codeblock></p></example>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000004170?>
