<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="sharedsubscriptionsinmqtt" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Global-shared subscriptions in MQTT</title>
<shortdesc>You can configure global-shared durable and global-shared
non-durable topic subscriptions to be shared by <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> MQTT client applications.
Shared subscriptions are an <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> extension of
MQTT and, as such, are not part of the MQTT specification. Applications
that depend on <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> global-shared
subscriptions are not portable to other MQTT servers.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>Factors to consider before you start to develop MQTT applications
to use global-shared subscriptions:<ul>
<li>Your application might need to block access to global-shared subscriptions
if they are not to be used.</li>
<li>If you intend your application to use only global-shared subscriptions, you might consider designing your application to check input topic strings to ensure that they are correctly configured to create, or join, global-shared subscriptions in the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server.</li>
<li>When an application uses a global-shared subscription, it does
not receive all of the published messages; it receives a subset of
messages from the topic being subscribed to and shares the load of
processing all of the published messages.</li>
<li>Applications that depend on <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> global-shared
subscriptions are not portable to other MQTT servers.</li>
<li>The order of delivery of messages on shared subscriptions cannot be guaranteed. If you need to preserve message order, either include message order information for use by the client in the content of the message or do not use shared subscriptions.</li>
</ul></p>
<p>To subscribe to topics on global-shared durable subscriptions,
the MQTT SUBSCRIBE request must specify:</p>
<codeblock>$SharedSubscription/<varname>SubName</varname>/<varname>topicFilter</varname></codeblock>
<p>where:</p>
<dl><dlentry>
<dt>$SharedSubscription</dt>
<dd>Indicates that the target of the SUBSCRIBE request is a global-shared
subscription. This literal string is case sensitive. </dd>
</dlentry></dl>
<dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>SubName</varname></dt>
<dd>Is the name of the shared subscription.</dd>
<dd>This value must not include any forward slashes ( / ).</dd>
</dlentry></dl>
<dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>topicFilter</varname></dt>
<dd>Is a standard MQTT topic filter for any type of topic subscription.
 It can contain a single topic name, or it can contain a topic filter
that includes wildcards. For information about wildcards in subscriptions,
see <xref format="dita" href="../Overview/ov00032.dita" scope="peer"
type="concept">Wildcards</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl>
<p>As for any MQTT topic subscription, you must ensure that there is a topic policy with Subscribe authority for the topic or topics associated with your shared subscriptions. See <xref
href="../Security/se00019_.dita"
/> for further information about configuring topic policies for your shared subscriptions.</p>
<p>If you are using a global-shared durable subscription then you must ensure that there is also a subscription policy to authorize clients to use the global-shared durable subscription. The <parmname>Subscription</parmname> field of the subscription policy must have the same value as the <varname>SubName</varname> in the MQTT SUBSCRIBE request. <parmname>Receive</parmname> authority must be granted for all subscribers. <parmname>Control</parmname> authority must be granted for the subscriber that initially creates the global-shared durable subscription.</p><?Pub Caret -1?>
<p>See <xref href="../Security/se00014_.dita"
/> for further information about configuring subscription policies for your global-shared durable subscriptions</p>
<p>MQTT applications end their use of a global-shared subscription
by issuing an MQTT UNSUBSCRIBE request or by disconnecting. If the
client being removed from the subscription is the last user of the
subscription, the subscription is deleted. You should not share subscriptions
between protocols, but if the global-shared subscription is also being
shared by one or more JMS applications, the subscription is not deleted
until the final JMS application has explicitly unsubscribed from it. </p>
</conbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="../Overview/ov30010.dita" scope="peer"
type="concept"><linktext>Subscribers and Subscriptions</linktext></link>
</related-links>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000004632?>
