<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="cmdshow" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>show</title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>show</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>show</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><note>The <cmdname>show</cmdname> command is used to display
both configuration objects and other specific data. This section documents
the use of the <cmdname>show</cmdname> command for configuration objects.
 See also the <cmdname>show</cmdname> commands within the <xref
format="dita" href="../SpecialCmd/spepcom.dita" scope="local"
type="reference"></xref> section.</note></section>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Show the configured values for a specified
configuration object or an instance of a configuration object.</section>
<section><title>Syntax</title><cmdname>show</cmdname> [ <varname>object
type</varname> [ <varname>object instance</varname> ] ]</section>
<section><title>Parameters</title><dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>object type</varname></dt>
<dd>Type of the object to be displayed</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>object instance</varname></dt>
<dd>Name of the object instance to be displayed, if the configuration
object is not a singleton object</dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
<section><title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title><?Pub
Caret 7?><ul>
<li>Within an edit session, the <cmdname>show</cmdname> command displays
the currently configured values for the object instance that is being
edited.</li>
<li>The operational state of the object is also displayed. Only properties
that are required and properties that have had values configured differently
from the assigned default values are displayed. Optional properties
that have not been explicitly configured will not be displayed.</li>
<li>The values displayed here are the desired configuration for the
object. In contrast, the <xref format="dita" href="cmd_status.dita"
scope="local" type="reference"></xref> command will display the actual
runtime values for the object.</li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Example</title>Show the configured values for the
network-settings (singleton) object.<codeblock><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> show network-settings
network-settings : [Up]

name "network-settings"
AdminState "Enabled"
icmp-options " "
explicit-congestion-notification "false"
destination-based-routing "false"
interface-isolation "relaxed"
tcp-retries "5"
arp-retries "8"
arp-retry-interval "500"
tso-offload "true"
reverse-path-filtering "false"
tcp-window-scaling "true"</codeblock></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224038 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000002877?>
