<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="cmdstatus" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>status</title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>status</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>status</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><note>The <cmdname>status</cmdname> command is used to display
both status of configured objects and specific functional status information.
 This section documents the use of the <cmdname>status</cmdname> command
for configuration objects. See also the status commands within the <xref
format="dita" href="../SpecialCmd/spepcom.dita" scope="local"
type="reference"></xref> section.</note></section>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Show the status of a specified configuration
object or an instance of a configuration object.</section>
<section><title>Syntax</title><cmdname>status</cmdname> <varname>object-type</varname> [ <varname>object-instance</varname> ]</section>
<section><title>Parameters</title><dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>object-type</varname></dt>
<dd>Type of the object to be displayed</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>object-instance</varname></dt>
<dd>Name of the object instance to be displayed, if the configuration
object is not a singleton object</dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
<section><title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title><?Pub
Caret 7?><ul>
<li>If the <varname>object-instance</varname> is omitted for a configuration
object that is not a singleton object, the status of all instances
of the specified <varname>object-type</varname> is displayed.</li>
<li>The <cmdname>status</cmdname> command is supported only for selected
configuration objects.</li>
<li>The values displayed here are the runtime values for the object.
In contrast, the <xref format="dita" href="../CommonCmd/cmd_show.dita"
scope="local" type="reference"></xref> command will display the configured
properties of the object.</li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Example</title>Show the status of ethernet-interface
eth0.<codeblock><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> status ethernet-interface eth0
eth0     OpState:[Up]
        generic MTU:1500 carrier:true flags:UP BROADCAST RUNNING MULTICAST
            index:5
        inet addr:192.0.2.0 flags:PERMANENT mask:255.255.255.0
            scope:GLOBAL
        inet6 addr: 2001:0DB8:0:0:0:0:0:0 flags:PERMANENT
            mask: ffff:ffff:ffff:ffff:: scope:GLOBAL
        inet6 addr: fe80::20c:29ff:fedd:7baf flags:PERMANENT
            mask: ffff:ffff:ffff:ffff:: scope:LINK
        ethernet Link:on MAC: 00:00:00:00:00:00 autoneg:on duplex:Full
            port:TP speed:1000Mbps
        statistics collisions:0 multicast:0 rx_bytes:69088545
            rx_compressed:0 rx_crc_errors:0 rx_dropped:0 rx_errors:0
            rx_fifo_errors:0 rx_frame_errors:0 rx_length_errors:0
            rx_missed_errors:0 rx_over_errors:0 rx_packets:842919
            tx_aborted_errors:0 tx_bytes:3512656 tx_carrier_errors:0
            tx_compressed:0 tx_dropped:0 tx_errors:0 tx_fifo_errors:0
            tx_heartbeat_errors:0 tx_packets:18144 tx_window_errors:0</codeblock></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224038 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000003416?>
