<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="funfileput" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>file put</title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>file put</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>file put</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Copy a file to a remote location from
the appliance.</section>
<section><title>Syntax</title><cmdname>file put</cmdname> <varname>localfile</varname> <varname>url</varname></section>
<section><title>Parameters</title><dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>url</varname></dt>
<dd id="urlsyn">Uniform resource locator that is specified in one
of the two following formats. In the following formats, white space
is added only for readability. Do not include any white space in the
URL on the command line.<p>For HTTP and FTP protocols, type the following
command on the command line:</p><p><codeblock scale="80"><varname>protocol</varname>: // [<varname>username</varname> [:<varname>password</varname>] @]<varname>hostname</varname> [:<varname>port</varname>]/[<varname>abspath</varname>/][<varname>relpath</varname> /] <varname>filename</varname></codeblock></p><p>where</p><p><ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>protocol</dt>
<dd>ftp or http</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry importance="optional">
<dt>username</dt>
<dd>User name at the remote host. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry importance="optional">
<dt>password</dt>
<dd>Password for <varname>username</varname> at the remote host. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>hostname</dt>
<dd>Remote host name or IP address.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry importance="optional">
<dt>port</dt>
<dd>Decimal port number of the remote server.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry importance="optional">
<dt>abspath</dt>
<dd>Absolute path for the remote file. It is supported for protocol
FTP and SCP.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>relpath</dt>
<dd>Relative path for the remote file. This path is relative to the
default directory on the remote system. If username is specified,
the default directory is typically the home directory of that user.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>filename</dt>
<dd>Remote file name.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></p><p>For SCP protocol, type the following command on the command
line:</p><p><codeblock scale="80"><varname>protocol</varname>: // <varname>username</varname>@<varname>hostname</varname> : [/<varname>abspath</varname>/][<varname>relpath</varname> /] <varname>filename</varname></codeblock></p><p>where</p><p><ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>protocol</dt>
<dd>scp</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry importance="optional">
<dt>username</dt>
<dd>User name at the remote host. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>hostname</dt>
<dd>Remote host name or IP address. Host names that resolve to IPv6
addresses are supported. Literal IPv6 addresses, which contain colons,
are not supported because the <varname>hostname</varname> is separated
from the file path with a colon.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry importance="optional">
<dt>abspath</dt>
<dd>Absolute path for the remote file. It is supported for protocol
FTP and SCP.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>relpath</dt>
<dd>Relative path for the remote file. This path is relative to the
default directory on the remote system. If <varname>username</varname> is
specified, the default directory is typically the home directory of
that user.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>filename</dt>
<dd>Remote file name.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></p></dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
<section><title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title><?Pub
Caret 7?><ul>
<li>If your file put fails, it might be because the public key of
the remote machine has changed. Use the <cmdname>user known-hosts
list</cmdname> command to list the known hosts for the current user.
Use the <cmdname>user known-hosts delete</cmdname> command to delete
the public key that is stored for a known host so that new key can
be learned.</li>
<li>Once a FILE is PUT, it remains in the staging area until it is used in a POST. A POST moves the
file from the staging area <filepath>/tmp/userfiles/</filepath> to
<filepath>/var/messagesight/data/certificates/</filepath>.</li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Related Commands</title><p>See <xref format="dita"
href="fun_filedel.dita" scope="local" type="reference"></xref>, <xref
format="dita" href="fun_fileget.dita" scope="local" type="reference"></xref>,
and <xref format="dita" href="fun_filelist.dita" scope="local"
type="reference"></xref></p><p>See <xref format="dita"
href="../SpecialCmd/user_known-hosts_delete.dita" scope="local"
type="reference">user known-hosts delete</xref>, and <xref format="dita"
href="../SpecialCmd/user_known-hosts_list.dita" scope="local"
type="reference">user known-hosts list</xref></p></section>
<section><title>Example</title>Copy local file <tt>collect-pd.txt</tt> to
a remote system as <tt>diag.txt</tt>.<codeblock scale="80"><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> file put collect-pd.txt scp://user1@example.com:~/diag.txt
user1@example.com's password: 
collect-pd.txt                                100%  101KB 101.4KB/s   00:00    
<ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></codeblock></section>
<section otherprops="CONSUMER"><title>Information for consumers only</title>The <cmdname>file</cmdname> commands
operate on files in the /tmp/userfiles/ directory.</section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224038 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000006938?>
