<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="funfileget" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>file get</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>file get</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>file get</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Copy a file to the appliance from a
remote location.</section>
<section><title>Syntax</title><cmdname>file get</cmdname> <varname>url</varname> <varname>localfile</varname></section>
<section><title id="Parameters">Parameters</title><dl
id="UrlUniformResourceLocatorThatIsSpec"><dlentry>
<dt><varname>url</varname></dt>
<dd id="urlsyn">Uniform resource locator that is specified in one
of the two following formats. In the following formats, white space
is added only for readability. Do not include any white space in the
URL on the command line.<p>For HTTP and FTP protocols, type the following
command on the command line:</p><p><codeblock scale="80"><varname>protocol</varname>: // [<varname>username</varname> [:<varname>password</varname>] @]<varname>hostname</varname> [:<varname>port</varname>]/[%2F <varname>abspath</varname>/][<varname>relpath</varname> /] <varname>filename</varname></codeblock></p><p>where</p><p><ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>protocol</dt>
<dd>ftp or http</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry importance="optional">
<dt>username</dt>
<dd>User name at the remote host. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry importance="optional">
<dt>password</dt>
<dd>Password for <varname>username</varname> at the remote host. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>hostname</dt>
<dd>Remote host name or IP address.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry importance="optional">
<dt>port</dt>
<dd>Decimal port number of the remote server.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry importance="optional">
<dt>abspath</dt>
<dd>Absolute path for the remote file, prefixed with the 3 characters
'%2F' or '%2f'. It is supported for protocol FTP and SCP.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>relpath</dt>
<dd>Relative path for the remote file. This path is relative to the
default directory on the remote system. If username is specified,
the default directory is typically the home directory of that user.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>filename</dt>
<dd>Remote file name.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></p><p>For SCP protocol, type the following command on the command
line:</p><p><codeblock scale="80"><varname>protocol</varname>: // <varname>username</varname>@<varname>hostname</varname> : [%2F <varname>abspath</varname>/][<varname>relpath</varname> /] <varname>filename</varname></codeblock></p><p>where</p><p><ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>protocol</dt>
<dd>scp</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry importance="optional">
<dt>username</dt>
<dd>User name at the remote host. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>hostname</dt>
<dd>Remote host name or IP address. Host names that resolve to IPv6
addresses are supported. Literal IPv6 addresses, which contain colons,
are not supported because the <varname>hostname</varname> is separated
from the file path with a colon.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry importance="optional">
<dt>abspath</dt>
<dd>Absolute path for the remote file, prefixed with the 3 characters
'%2F' or '%2f'. It is supported for protocol FTP and SCP.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>relpath</dt>
<dd>Relative path for the remote file. This path is relative to the
default directory on the remote system. If <varname>username</varname> is
specified, the default directory is typically the home directory of
that user.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>filename</dt>
<dd>Remote file name.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></p></dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
<section><title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title><ul>
<li>If your file get fails, it might be because the public key of
the remote machine has changed. Use the <cmdname>user known-hosts
list</cmdname> command to list the known hosts for the current user.
Use the <cmdname>user known-hosts delete</cmdname> command to delete
the public key that is stored for a known host so that new key can
be learned.</li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Related Commands</title>See <xref format="dita"
href="fun_filedel.dita" scope="local" type="reference"></xref>, <xref
format="dita" href="fun_filelist.dita" scope="local" type="reference"></xref>,
and <xref format="dita" href="fun_fileput.dita" scope="local"
type="reference"></xref></section>
<section><title>Example</title>Retrieve a firmware file from a remote
location and give it the name of <tt>newfirmware</tt> on the appliance.<codeblock
scale="80"><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> file get scp://user1@example.com:~/dev.scrypt2 newfirmware.scrypt2
user1@example.com's password: 
dev.scrypt2                           100%  136MB  34.0MB/s   00:04    
Wrote 142553856 bytes to local storage
<ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></codeblock></section>
<section otherprops="CONSUMER"><title>Information for consumers only</title>The <cmdname>file</cmdname> commands
operate on files in the <filepath>/var/lib/amlen-server/userfiles/</filepath> directory. </section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224038 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000005561?>
