<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="cmd_update_highavailability" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configure high availability </title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc/>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Configures an <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> server to participate in a high availability (HA) pair.</section>
<section>
<title>URI</title>
<p>Use the <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
        <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/REST"/> POST method with the following <ph
          conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> configuration URI:</p>
<p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/</codeph></p>
</section>
<section><title>Object configuration data</title><p>Provide HighAvailability object configuration data in the payload of the POST method by using the following schema. <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to <userinput>application/json</userinput>: <codeblock>
{    
   "HighAvailability": {
      "Group": "string",
      "EnableHA": true|false,
      "StartupMode": "string",
      "RemoteDiscoveryNIC": "string",
      "LocalReplicationNIC": "string",
      "LocalDiscoveryNIC": "string",
      "DiscoveryTimeout": integer,
      "HeartbeatTimeout": integer,
      "PreferredPrimary": true|false,
      "RemoteDiscoveryPort": integer,
      "ReplicationPort": integer,
      "ExternalReplicationPort": integer,
      "ExternalReplicationNIC":  
      "UseSecuredConnections": true|false             
    }
}</codeblock></p>Where:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Group</dt>
<dd>Required.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the group name of the HA pair.</dd>
<dd>The value must be the same on both servers in the pair. </dd>
<dd>The value can be a maximum of 128 characters.</dd>
<dd>When this value is set, replication and discovery addresses are not required.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>EnableHA: true|false</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies whether HA is enabled (true) or disabled (false).</dd>
<dd>The default value is false.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>StartupMode</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the mode in which the node starts.</dd>
<dd>The value can be one of the following values:<ul>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>AutoDetect</dt>
<dd>AutoDetect means that, at start up, the nodes of the HA-Pair detect one another and automatically establish the HA-Pair. If the node cannot detect the other node in the HA-Pair, it does not start.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>StandAlone</dt>
<dd>StandAlone is used to bring up a single node with the intention to later bring up another node that synchronizes with the first node and creates an HA-Pair. If another node is detected as the node starts, the node does not start.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
</ul></dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>RemoteDiscoveryNIC</dt>
<dd>Required if <codeph>"EnableHA": true</codeph> is specified.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the IP address of the NIC that is used for HA discovery on the remote node in the HA pair.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>LocalReplicationNIC</dt>
<dd>Required if <codeph>"EnableHA": true</codeph> is specified.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the IPv4 or IPv6 address of the NIC that is used for HA replication on the local node in the HA pair.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl><dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>LocalDiscoveryNIC</dt>
<dd>Required if <codeph>"EnableHA": true</codeph> is specified.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the IPv4 or IPv6 address of the NIC that is used for HA discovery on the local node in the HA pair.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>DiscoveryTimeout</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the time in seconds that the node attempts to discover the HA pair node.</dd>
<dd>The value must be in the range 10-2147483647.</dd>
<dd>The default value is 600.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>HeartbeatTimeout</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the time in seconds to detect that the other node in the HA pair has failed.</dd>
<dd>The value must be in the range 1-2147483647.</dd>
<dd>The default value is 10.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>PreferredPrimary: true|false</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies whether the node that the command is run on is the preferred primary when both nodes are started in auto-detect mode.</dd>
<dd>The default value is false.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>RemoteDiscoveryPort</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the port number to be used for HA discovery on the remote node in the HA pair.</dd>
<dd>The value must be in the range 1024-65535.</dd>
<dd>By default, this value is not set.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>ReplicationPort</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the port number to be used for HA replication on the local node in the HA pair.</dd>
<dd>The value must be in the range 1024-65535.</dd>
<dd>By default, this value is not set.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>ExternalReplicationPort</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the external port number to be used for HA replication on the local node in the HA pair.</dd>
<dd>The value must be in the range 1024-65535.</dd>
<dd>By default, this value is not set.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>ExternalReplicationNIC</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the IPv4 or IPv6 address of the NIC that is used for HA replication.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>UseSecuredConnections: true|false</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies whether to use Transport Layer Security for discovery and data channels between the nodes in the HA pair.</dd>
<dd>The default value is false.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl></section>
<section>
<title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title>
<ul>
<li>Capitalization and double quotation marks must be used as shown.</li>
<li><parmname>Group</parmname> is a required item.</li>
<li>Depending on the update that you make, you might need to restart the <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server after you use the <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/REST"
/> POST method to update the HA configuration. <p>You can restart the <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server by using the <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/REST"/> POST method with the following <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> configuration URI:<codeblock>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/service/restart</codeblock>Provide configuration data in the payload of the POST method by using the following schema.  Ensure that capitalization and double quotation marks are used as shown.<codeblock>
{    
  "Service": "Server" 
      
}</codeblock></p></li>
</ul>
</section>
<section>
<title>Related <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/></title>
<ul>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_show_HAconfig.dita" scope="local" type="reference"/></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_status_HA.dita" scope="local" type="reference"/></li>
</ul>
</section>
<section><title>Example</title>Updates the HA configuration by using cURL:<codeblock>
curl -X POST  \
   -H 'Content-Type: application/json'  \
   -d  '{    
            "HighAvailability": {                  
            "Group": "Group2", 
            "EnableHA": true, 
            "RemoteDiscoveryNIC": "192.0.4.2",
            "LocalReplicationNIC": "192.0.2.6",
            "LocalDiscoveryNIC": "192.0.3.2",                 
            "PreferredPrimary": true 
        }
     }
  '  \
http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/configuration/</codeblock><p>An example response to the POST method:<codeblock>
       {        
         "Version": "v1",
         "Code": "CWLNA6011",
         "Message": "The requested configuration change has completed successfully."
       }
</codeblock></p></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
