<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="cmd_imaserver_update_highavailability" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> update
HighAvailability</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>imaserver update HighAvailability</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>update HighAvailability</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Updates the high availability (HA)
configuration.</section>
<section><title>Syntax</title><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>update
HighAvailability [ "EnableHA=True|False" ]</cmdname> <cmdname> "Group=</cmdname><varname>Group</varname><cmdname>"</cmdname> <cmdname> [
"StartupMode=</cmdname><varname>mode</varname><cmdname>" ]</cmdname><cmdname> [
"PreferredPrimary=True|False" ]</cmdname><cmdname> [ "RemoteDiscoveryNIC=</cmdname><varname>remoteDiscIP</varname><cmdname>"
]</cmdname><cmdname> ["LocalDiscoveryNIC=</cmdname><varname>localDiscIP</varname><cmdname>"
]</cmdname><cmdname> [ "LocalReplicationNIC=</cmdname><varname>localRepIP</varname><cmdname>"
]</cmdname><cmdname> [ "DiscoveryTimeout=</cmdname><varname>discTimeout</varname><cmdname>"
]</cmdname><cmdname> [ "HeartbeatTimeout=</cmdname><varname>hbTimeout</varname><cmdname>"
]</cmdname></section>
<section><title>Parameters</title><dl><dlentry>
<dt>EnableHA=True|False</dt>
<dd>Specifies whether HA is enabled (True) or disabled (False).</dd>
<dd>The default value is False.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>Group</varname></dt>
<dd>Group is used to automatically configure appliances to pair with
each other. </dd>
<dd>The value must be the same on both appliances in the pair. </dd>
<dd>The value can be a maximum of 128 characters. </dd>
<dd>When this value is set, replication and discovery addresses are
not required.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>mode</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the mode in which the node starts.</dd>
<dd>The value can be one of the following values:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>AutoDetect</dt>
<dd>AutoDetect means that at start up the nodes of the HA-Pair detect
one another and automatically establish the HA-Pair. If the node cannot
detect the other node in the HA-Pair, it does not start.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>StandAlone</dt>
<dd>StandAlone is used to bring up a single node with the intention
to later bring up another node that synchronizes with the first node
and creates an HA-Pair. If another node is detected as the node starts,
the node does not start.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>PreferredPrimary=True|False</dt>
<dd>Specifies whether the node that the command is run on is the preferred
primary when both nodes are started in auto-detect mode.</dd>
<dd>The default value is False.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>remoteDiscIP</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the IP address of the NIC that is used for HA discovery
on the remote node in the HA pair.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>localDiscIP</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the IP address of the NIC that is used for HA discovery
on the local node in the HA pair.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>localRepIP</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the IP address of the NIC that is used for HA replication
on the local node in the HA pair.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>discTimeout</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the time in seconds that the node attempts to discover
the HA pair node.</dd>
<dd>This value must be in the range 10-2147483647.</dd>
<dd>The default value is 600.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>hbTimeout</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the time in seconds to detect that the other node in
the HA pair has failed.</dd>
<dd>This value must be in the range 10-2147483647.</dd>
<dd>The default value is 10.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
<section><title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title><ul>
<li>The command must be capitalized as shown.</li>
<li>The command must use the double quotation marks as shown.</li>
<li><parmname>Group</parmname> is a required item.</li>
<li>When the <parmname>Group</parmname> parameter is specified, you
do not need to set <parmname>LocalReplicationNIC</parmname>, <parmname>LocalDiscoveryNIC</parmname>,
and <parmname>RemoteDiscoveryNIC</parmname> parameters. However if
one of these parameters is set, all three parameters must be set.</li>
<li>Depending on the update that you make, you might need to restart
the <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server
after you use the <cmdname>imaserver update HighAvailability</cmdname> command. <p>You
can restart the <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server
by using the <cmdname>imaserver stop imaserver</cmdname> command,
and then the <cmdname>imaserver start imaserver</cmdname> command. </p></li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Related Commands</title><ul>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_imaserver_show_HighAvailability.dita"
scope="local" type="reference"></xref></li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Example</title><p>Updates the high availability configuration:<codeblock><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> imaserver update HighAvailability EnableHA=True PreferredPrimary=True Group=Group2
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
To complete "HighAvailability" configuration update, restart "imaserver"
using "imaserver stop" and "imaserver start" commands.
<ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></codeblock></p></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224033 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000005891?>
