<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="glossary" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Glossary</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<navtitle>Glossary</navtitle>
<searchtitle>Glossary terms for <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog>
<copyright><copyryear year="2013"/><copyrholder></copyrholder>
</copyright>
<metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>glossary</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><p>This glossary includes terms and definitions for <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.</p><p>The following
cross-references are used in this glossary: <ul>
<li><ph>See</ph> refers you from a term to a preferred synonym, or
from an acronym or abbreviation to the defined full form.</li>
<li><ph>See also</ph> refers you to a related or contrasting term.</li>
</ul></p><p>To view glossaries for other <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> products,
go to <xref format="html"
href="http://www-306.ibm.com/software/globalization/terminology/"
scope="external">www.ibm.com/software/globalization/terminology</xref> (opens
in new window).</p></section>
<!--Remove the comment tags on the following section to insert shortcuts to each letter at the top of your glossary topic.-->
<!--<section>
<xref href="#gloss_A"></xref>
<xref href="#gloss_C"></xref>
<xref href="#gloss_D"></xref>
<xref href="#gloss_E"></xref>
<xref href="#gloss_F"></xref>
<xref href="#gloss_H"></xref>
<xref href="#gloss_I"></xref>
<xref href="#gloss_J"></xref>
<xref href="#gloss_K"></xref>
<xref href="#gloss_L"></xref>
<xref href="#gloss_M"></xref>
<xref href="#gloss_N"></xref>
<xref href="#gloss_P"></xref>
<xref href="#gloss_Q"></xref>
<xref href="#gloss_R"></xref>
<xref href="#gloss_S"></xref>
<xref href="#gloss_T"></xref>
<xref href="#gloss_U"></xref>
<xref href="#gloss_W"></xref>
<xref href="#gloss_X"></xref>
</section>-->
</refbody>
<reference id="gloss_A" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>A</title>
<refbody>
<section><dl><dlentry id="x2012788">
<dt>access control</dt>
<dd>In computer security, the process of ensuring that users can access
only those resources of a computer system for which they are authorized.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2000252">
<dt>attribute</dt>
<dd><ol outputclass="glossnoindent">
<li>In object-oriented programming, a property of an object or class
that can be distinguished distinctly from any other properties. Attributes
often describe state information.</li>
<li>A characteristic or trait of an entity that describes the entity;
for example, the telephone number of an employee is one of the employee
attributes. See also <xref href="#gloss_E/x2026945">entity</xref>.</li>
</ol></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2014567">
<dt>authentication</dt>
<dd>A security service that provides proof that a user of a computer
system is genuinely who that person claims to be. Common mechanisms
for implementing this service are passwords and digital signatures.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2014653">
<dt>authorization</dt>
<dd>The process of granting a user, system, or process either complete
or restricted access to an object, resource, or function.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2178873">
<dt>authorization check</dt>
<dd>A security check that is performed when a user or application
attempts to access a system resource; for example, when an administrator
attempts to issue a command to administer <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<reference id="gloss_C" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>C</title>
<refbody>
<section><dl><dlentry id="x2016383">
<dt>certificate authority (CA)</dt>
<dd>A trusted third-party organization or company that issues the
digital certificates. The certificate authority typically verifies
the identity of the individuals who are granted the unique certificate.
See also <xref href="#gloss_S/x2038004">Secure Sockets Layer</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>CIDR</dt>
<dd>See <xref format="dita"
href="glossary.dita#gloss_C/ClasslessInter-DomainRoutingCIDRAMe-8A2335F2"
scope="local" type="dlentry">Classless Inter-Domain Routing</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2183585">
<dt>CipherSpec</dt>
<dd>The combination of encryption algorithm and hash function that
is applied to an SSL message after authentication completes.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2183590">
<dt>cipher suite</dt>
<dd>The combination of authentication, key exchange algorithm, and
the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) cipher specification that is used for
the secure exchange of data.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2016788">
<dt>ciphertext</dt>
<dd>Data that is encrypted. Ciphertext is unreadable until it is converted
into plaintext (decrypted) with a key. </dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="ClasslessInter-DomainRoutingCIDRAMe-8A2335F2">
<dt>Classless Inter-Domain Routing (CIDR)</dt>
<dd>A method for adding Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. The addresses
are given to Internet Service Providers (ISPs) for use by their customers.
CIDR addresses reduce the size of routing tables and make more IP
addresses available within organizations.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2000644">
<dt>client</dt>
<dd>Software that connects to and interacts with <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>, typically to
take part in messaging. </dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>cluster</dt>
<dd>
<p>A collection of <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> servers that are connected together on a local high-speed LAN with the goal of being able to scale either the maximum number of concurrent connections or the maximum throughput beyond the capability of a single device. Servers in a cluster share a common topic space and are known as cluster members.</p>
</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>cluster member</dt>
<dd>
<p>An  <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> server that is a member of a cluster. A server can be a member of  only one cluster only.</p>
</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>connection factory</dt>
<dd>A set of configuration values that produces connections that enable
a <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> EE component to access
a resource. </dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="conPol">
<dt>connection policy</dt>
<dd>In <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>, a
configuration object that controls which client applications can connect
to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> based
on one ore more client attributes.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2263174">
<dt>consumer</dt>
<dd>An application that receives and processes messages. See also <xref
href="#gloss_M/x3300504">message consumer</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<reference id="gloss_D" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>D</title>
<refbody>
<section><dl><dlentry id="DemilitarizedZone-87304D80">
<dt>demilitarized zone </dt>
<dd>A demilitarized zone (DMZ) is a safe zone between firewalls that
is typically located between the client and the backend server. </dd>
</dlentry></dl><dl><dlentry id="x2126307">
<dt>destination</dt>
<dd><ol outputclass="glossnoindent">
<li>An end point to which messages are sent, such as a queue or topic.</li>
<li>In JMS, an object that specifies where and how messages should
be sent and received.</li>
</ol></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>DHCP</dt>
<dd>See <xref format="dita"
href="glossary.dita#gloss_D/DynamicHostConfigurationProtocolDHC-8A3B063B"
scope="local" type="dlentry">Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol </xref>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2020556">
<dt>digital certificate</dt>
<dd>An electronic document that is used to identify an individual,
a system, a server, a company, or some other entity, and to associate
a public key with the entity. A digital certificate is issued by a
certificate authority and is digitally signed by that authority.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2020576">
<dt>digital signature</dt>
<dd>Information that is encrypted with a private key and is appended
to a message or object to assure the recipient of the authenticity
and integrity of the message or object. The digital signature proves
that the message or object was signed by the entity that owns, or
has access to, the private key or shared-secret symmetric key.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2020719">
<dt>disconnect</dt>
<dd>To break the connection between an application and <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>DMZ</dt>
<dd>See <xref format="dita"
href="glossary.dita#gloss_D/DemilitarizedZone-87304D80" scope="local"
type="dlentry">demilitarized zone</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x3272259">
<dt>durable subscription</dt>
<dd>A subscription that is retained when the connection from a subscribing
application to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> is
closed. When the subscribing application disconnects, the durable
subscription remains in place and publications continue to be held.
When the application reconnects, it can use the same subscription
by specifying the unique subscription name. See also <xref
href="#gloss_N/x5358930">nondurable subscription</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="DynamicHostConfigurationProtocolDHC-8A3B063B">
<dt>Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP)</dt>
<dd>A communications protocol that is used to centrally manage configuration
information. For example, DHCP automatically assigns IP addresses
to computers in a network.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<reference id="gloss_E" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>E</title>
<refbody>
<section><dl><dlentry id="x2115585">
<dt>Eclipse</dt>
<dd>An Open Source Initiative that provides independent software vendors
(ISVs) and other tool developers with a standard platform for developing
plug-compatible application development tools.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2026762">
<dt>encryption</dt>
<dd>In computer security, the process of transforming data into an
unintelligible form in such a way that the original data either cannot
be obtained or can be obtained only by using a decryption process.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="epoint">
<dt>endpoint</dt>
<dd>In <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>, a
configuration object that defines a connection point for client applications,
and restricts which applications can connect based on connection policies,
and messaging policies. See also, <xref format="dita"
href="glossary.dita#gloss_C/conPol" scope="local" type="dlentry">connection
policy</xref>, and <xref format="dita"
href="glossary.dita#gloss_M/msgPol" scope="local" type="dlentry"></xref>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2026945">
<dt>entity</dt>
<dd>A user, group, or resource that is defined to a security service.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2027022">
<dt>environment variable</dt>
<dd>A variable that specifies how an operating system or another program
runs, or the devices that the operating system recognizes.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<reference id="gloss_F" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>F</title>
<refbody>
<section><dl><dlentry id="x2022516" otherprops="NOTbeta">
<dt>failover</dt>
<dd>An automatic operation that switches to a redundant or standby
system in the event of a software, hardware, or network interruption.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2002021">
<dt>function</dt>
<dd>A named group of statements that can be called and evaluated and
can return a value to the calling statement.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<reference id="gloss_H" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>H</title>
<refbody>
<section><dl><dlentry id="x2183978">
<dt>handshake</dt>
<dd>The exchange of messages at the start of a Secure Sockets Layer
session that allows the client to authenticate the server by using
public key techniques (and, optionally, for <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> to authenticate
the client) and then allows the client and <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> to cooperate
in creating symmetric keys for encryption, decryption, and detection
of tampering.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2024388">
<dt>hierarchy</dt>
<dd>In topic string topology, the topic levels that make up the structure
of the topic tree..</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2024670">
<dt>HTTP</dt>
<dd>See <xref href="#gloss_H/x2024721">Hypertext Transfer Protocol</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2024721">
<dt>Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP)</dt>
<dd>An Internet Protocol that is used to transfer and display hypertext
and XML documents on the web.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<reference id="gloss_I" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>I</title>
<refbody>
<section><dl><dlentry id="x2265317">
<dt>identification</dt>
<dd>The security service that enables each user of a computer system
to be identified uniquely. A common mechanism for implementing this
service is to associate a user ID with each user.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2002574">
<dt>Internet Protocol (IP)</dt>
<dd>A protocol that routes data through a network or interconnected
networks. This protocol acts as an intermediary between the higher
protocol layers and the physical network. See also <xref
href="#gloss_T/x2041973">Transmission Control Protocol</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2009318">
<dt>IP</dt>
<dd>See <xref href="#gloss_I/x2002574">Internet Protocol</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<reference id="gloss_J" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>J</title>
<refbody>
<section><dl><dlentry id="x2161410">
<dt><tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> Message Service (JMS)</dt>
<dd>An application programming interface that provides <tm tmtype="tm"
trademark="Java">Java</tm> language functions for handling messages. </dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2115860">
<dt><tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> runtime environment
(JRE)</dt>
<dd>A subset of a <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> developer
kit that contains the core executable programs and files that constitute
the standard <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> platform.
The JRE includes the <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> virtual
machine (JVM), core classes, and supporting files.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2162955">
<dt>JMS</dt>
<dd>See <xref href="#gloss_J/x2161410"><tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> Message
Service</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2027896">
<dt>JRE</dt>
<dd>See <xref href="#gloss_J/x2115860"><tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> runtime
environment</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<reference id="gloss_K" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>K</title>
<refbody>
<section><dl><dlentry id="x2184091">
<dt>key authentication</dt>
<dd>See <xref href="#gloss_A/x2014567">authentication</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2265328">
<dt>key repository</dt>
<dd>A store for digital certificates and their associated private
keys.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<reference id="gloss_L" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>L</title>
<refbody>
<section><dl><dlentry id="x2481619">
<dt>LDAP</dt>
<dd>See <xref href="#gloss_L/x2028538">Lightweight Directory Access
Protocol</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2028538">
<dt>Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP)</dt>
<dd>An open protocol that uses TCP/IP to provide access to directories
that support an X.500 model and that does not incur the resource requirements
of the more complex X.500 Directory Access Protocol (DAP). For example,
LDAP can be used to locate people, organizations, and other resources
in an Internet or intranet directory.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2178843">
<dt>log file</dt>
<dd>In <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>, a
log that records significant events.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<reference id="gloss_M" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>M</title>
<refbody>
<section><dl><dlentry id="x2030125">
<dt>message</dt>
<dd><ol outputclass="glossnoindent">
<li>In system programming, information that is intended for the terminal
operator or system administrator.</li>
<li>A string of bytes that is passed from one application to another.
Messages typically comprise a message header (used for message routing
and identification) and a payload (containing the application data
that is being sent). The data has a format that is compatible with
both the sending and receiving application.</li>
</ol></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x3300504">
<dt>message consumer</dt>
<dd><ol outputclass="glossnoindent">
<li>A program or function that receives and processes messages. See
also <xref href="#gloss_C/x2263174">consumer</xref>.</li>
<li>In JMS, an object that is created within a session to receive
messages from a destination.</li>
</ol></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>message hub</dt>
<dd>In <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>, an
organizational configuration object that groups endpoints, connection
policies, and messaging policies that are associated with a specific
goal. See also <xref format="dita" href="glossary.dita#gloss_E/epoint"
scope="local" type="dlentry">endpoint</xref>, <xref format="dita"
href="glossary.dita#gloss_C/conPol" scope="local" type="dlentry">connection
policy</xref>, and <xref format="dita"
href="glossary.dita#gloss_M/msgPol" scope="local" type="dlentry">messaging
policy</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x5311726">
<dt>message producer</dt>
<dd>In JMS, an object that is created by a session and that is used
to send messages to a destination. See also <xref
href="#gloss_P/x2352370">producer</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x4518103">
<dt>message property</dt>
<dd>Data that is associated with a message, in name-value pair format.
Message properties can be used as message selectors to filter publications
or to selectively receives messages from queues. Message properties
can be used to include business data or state information about processing
without having to alter the message body.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="msgPol">
<dt>messaging policy</dt>
<dd>In <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>, a
configuration object that controls which client applications can use
which messaging actions based on one or more client attributes.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="msgusr">
<dt>messaging user</dt>
<dd>In <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>, a
user that is authorized to send and receive messages. A messaging
user cannot administer <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.
See also, <xref format="dita" href="glossary.dita#gloss_A/appusr"
scope="local" type="dlentry">applicance user</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="MQTelemetryTransportMQTelemetryTran-872ED769">
<dt>MQ Telemetry Transport</dt>
<dd>MQ Telemetry Transport (MQTT) is an open, lightweight publish/subscribe
protocol flowing over TCP/IP or WebSockets to connect large numbers
of devices such as servos, actuators, smartphones, vehicles, homes,
health, remote sensors, and control devices. MQTT is designed to work
in environments where the network might be constrained by bandwidth,
or the device might be constrained by memory or processors for example.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>MQTT</dt>
<dd>See <xref format="dita"
href="glossary.dita#gloss_M/MQTelemetryTransportMQTelemetryTran-872ED769"
scope="local" type="dlentry">MQ Telemetry Transport</xref></dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<reference id="gloss_N" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>N</title>
<refbody>
<section><dl><dlentry id="x2184254">
<dt>nesting</dt>
<dd>In <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> administration,
a means of including a group of users within another group of users.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x5358930">
<dt>nondurable subscription</dt>
<dd>A subscription that exists only while the connection from the
subscribing application to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> remains open.
The subscription is removed when the subscribing application disconnects
from <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> either
deliberately or by loss of connection. See also <xref
href="#gloss_D/x3272259">durable subscription</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2184272">
<dt>nonpersistent message</dt>
<dd>A message that does not survive a restart of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server. See also <xref
href="#gloss_P/x2033588">persistent message</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2031870">
<dt>null character (NUL)</dt>
<dd>A control character with the value of X'00' that represents the
absence of a displayed or printed character.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<reference id="gloss_P" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>P</title>
<refbody>
<section><dl><dlentry id="x2033588">
<dt>persistent message</dt>
<dd>A message that survives a restart of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server. See also <xref
href="#gloss_N/x2184272">nonpersistent message</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2184424">
<dt>PKI</dt>
<dd>See <xref href="#gloss_P/x2184422">public key infrastructure</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="PrimaryNodeInHighAvailabilityTheApp">
<dt>primary node</dt>
<dd>In High Availability, the server that is processing messages. See also <xref
                href="#gloss_S/StandbyNodeInHighAvailabilityTheApp">standby node</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2352370">
<dt>producer</dt>
<dd>An application that creates and sends messages. See also <xref
href="#gloss_M/x5311726">message producer</xref>, <xref
href="#gloss_P/x2178331">publisher</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2003935">
<dt>property</dt>
<dd>A characteristic of an object that describes the object. A property
can be changed or modified. Properties can describe an object name,
type, value, or behavior, among other things.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2035432">
<dt>public key cryptography</dt>
<dd>A cryptography system that uses two keys: a public key that is
known to everyone and a private or secret key that is known only to
the recipient of the message. The public and private keys are related
in such a way that only the public key can be used to encrypt messages
and only the corresponding private key can be used to decrypt them.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2184422">
<dt>public key infrastructure (PKI)</dt>
<dd>A system of digital certificates, certificate authorities, and
other registration authorities that verify and authenticate the validity
of each party that is involved in a network transaction.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2184434">
<dt>public-private key cryptography</dt>
<dd>See <xref href="#gloss_P/x2035432">public key cryptography</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2116130">
<dt>publish</dt>
<dd>To make information about a specified topic available.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2178331">
<dt>publisher</dt>
<dd>An application that makes information about a specified topic
available. See also <xref href="#gloss_P/x2352370">producer</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2178326">
<dt>publish/subscribe</dt>
<dd>A type of messaging interaction in which information, provided
by publishing applications, is delivered by an infrastructure to all
subscribing applications that registered to receive that type of information.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<reference id="gloss_Q" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Q</title>
<refbody>
<section><dl><dlentry id="x2035629">
<dt>queue</dt>
<dd>An object that holds messages for message-queueing applications. </dd>
</dlentry></dl>
    <dl>
     <dlentry>
      <dt>queue policy</dt>
      <dd>A queue policy is a type of messaging policy is used to control which clients can send to, receive from, or browse a specified queue. </dd>
     </dlentry>
    </dl></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<reference id="gloss_R" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>R</title>
<refbody>
<section><dl><dlentry id="x2035805">
<dt>RC</dt>
<dd>See <xref href="#gloss_R/x2037148">return code</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2035928">
<dt>reason code</dt>
<dd>A return code that describes the reason for the failure or partial
success of a command.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2036815">
<dt>reply message</dt>
<dd>A type of message that is used for replies to request messages. <xref
href="#gloss_R/x2036900">request message</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2036900">
<dt>request message</dt>
<dd>A type of message that is used to request a reply from another
program. See also <xref href="#gloss_R/x2036815">reply message</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2178344">
<dt>request/reply</dt>
<dd>A type of messaging application in which a request message is
used to request a reply from another application.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2037148">
<dt>return code (RC)</dt>
<dd>A value that is returned by a program to indicate the result of
its processing. Completion codes and reason codes are examples of
return codes.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<reference id="gloss_S" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>S</title>
<refbody>
<section><dl><dlentry>
<dt>SCP</dt>
<dd>See <xref format="dita"
href="glossary.dita#gloss_S/SecureCopyProtocol.TheSecureTransfe-8ABBE2F8"
scope="local" type="dlentry">Secure Copy Protocol</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="SecureCopyProtocol.TheSecureTransfe-8ABBE2F8">
<dt>Secure Copy Protocol.</dt>
<dd>The secure transfer of computer files between a local and a remote
host or between two remote hosts, by using the Secure Shell (SSH)
protocol.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2038004">
<dt>Secure Sockets Layer (SSL)</dt>
<dd>A security protocol that provides communication privacy. With
SSL, client/server applications can communicate in a way that is designed
to prevent eavesdropping, tampering, and message forgery. See also <xref
href="#gloss_C/x2016383">certificate authority</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2004518">
<dt>server</dt>
<dd>A software program or a computer that provides services to other
software programs or other computers. See also <xref
href="#gloss_C/x2000644">client</xref></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2004539">
<dt>session</dt>
<dd>A logical or virtual connection between two stations, software
programs, or devices on a network that allows the two elements to
communicate and exchange data during the session.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2483907">
<dt>SSL</dt>
<dd>See <xref format="dita" href="glossary.dita#gloss_S/x2038004"
scope="local" type="dlentry">Secure Sockets Layer</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="StandbyNodeInHighAvailabilityTheApp">
<dt>standby node</dt>
<dd>In High Availability, the server to which the primary node is replicated. See also <xref
                href="#gloss_P/PrimaryNodeInHighAvailabilityTheApp">primary node</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>store</dt>
<dd> The store is a component of <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/>. The
              store holds data that must survive restarting the server. The data in the store
              consists primarily of messages that are buffered for delivery to clients. Other
              information that is held in the store includes durable subscriptions, and message
              acknowledgements.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="x2095193">
<dt>subscribe</dt>
<dd>To request information about a topic.</dd>
</dlentry>
     <dlentry>
      <dt>subscription policy</dt>
      <dd> A subscription messaging policy is a type of messaging policy that is used to control
       which clients can receive messages from a specified global-shared durable subscription.
       Subscription messaging policies are also used to control which clients can control the
       creation and deletion of global-shared durable subscriptions on a specified subscription
       name. </dd>
     </dlentry><dlentry id="SyncrhonizationInHighAvailabilityTh">
<dt>synchronization</dt>
<dd>In High Availability, the process of making the primary node and
standby node identical after a communication downtime.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<reference id="gloss_T" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>T</title>
<refbody>
<section>
    <dl>
     <dlentry id="x2484305">
      <dt>TCP</dt>
      <dd>See <xref href="#gloss_T/x2041973">Transmission Control Protocol</xref>.</dd>
     </dlentry>
     <dlentry id="x3014533">
      <dt>TCP/IP</dt>
      <dd>See <xref href="#gloss_T/x2005379">Transmission Control Protocol/Internet
       Protocol</xref>.</dd>
     </dlentry>
     <dlentry>
      <dt>topic</dt>
      <dd>A topic is the subject of the information that is published in a publish/subscribe
       message.</dd>
     </dlentry>
    </dl>
    <dl>
     <dlentry>
      <dt>topic policy</dt>
      <dd>A topic policy is a type of messaging policy that specifies the topics that a client can
       publish or subscribe to. </dd>
     </dlentry>
    </dl>
    <dl>
     <dlentry>
      <dt>topic string</dt>
      <dd>A topic string is a character string that identifies the topic of a publish/subscribe
       message. </dd>
     </dlentry>
     <dlentry id="x2005316">
      <dt>trace</dt>
      <dd>A record of the processing of a computer program or transaction. The information that is
       collected from a trace can be used to assess problems and performance.</dd>
     </dlentry>
     <dlentry id="x2041973">
      <dt>Transmission Control Protocol (TCP)</dt>
      <dd>A communication protocol that is used in the Internet and in any network that follows the
       Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) standards for internetwork protocol. TCP provides a
       reliable host-to-host protocol in packet-switched communication networks and in
       interconnected systems of such networks. See also <xref href="#gloss_I/x2002574">Internet
        Protocol</xref>.</dd>
     </dlentry>
     <dlentry id="x2005379">
      <dt>Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol (TCP/IP)</dt>
      <dd>An industry-standard, nonproprietary set of communication protocols that provides reliable
       end-to-end connections between applications over interconnected networks of different
       types.</dd>
     </dlentry>
     <dlentry id="x2042316">
      <dt>type</dt>
      <dd>A characteristic that specifies the internal format of data and determines how the data
       can be used.</dd>
     </dlentry>
    </dl>
   </section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<reference id="gloss_U" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>U</title>
<refbody>
<section><dl><dlentry id="x2265445">
<dt>unauthorized access</dt>
<dd>Gaining access to resources within a computer system without permission.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<reference id="gloss_W" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>W</title>
<refbody>
<section><dl><dlentry id="x2184904">
<dt><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph></dt>
<dd>A family of <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> licensed
programs that provide message queuing services.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?tm 1413224042 11?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000030976?>
