<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="pdf_REST_delete_config" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Delete configuration objects</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc />
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Deletes a configuration object. </section>
<section>
<title>URI</title>
<p>Use the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> REST API DELETE method with the following <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> configuration URI:</p>
<p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port&gt;/ima/v1/configuration/&lt;ObjectType&gt;/&lt;ObjectName&gt;</codeph></p>
<p>where: <ul>
<li><b>ObjectType</b><p>Required.</p><p>Specifies the type of configuration object.</p><p>You can
delete the following object types:<ul>
<li>CertificateProfile</li>
<li>ClientCertificate</li>
<li>ConfigurationPolicy</li>
<li>ConnectionPolicy</li>
<li>DestinationMappingRule</li>
<li>EndPoint</li>
<li>LTPAProfile</li>
<li>MessageHub</li>
<li>MQTTClient</li>
<li>OAuthProfile</li>
<li>Plugin</li>
<li>Queue. For more information about deleting a message queue, see <xref href="../Administering/ad00356_.dita" />.</li>
<li>QueueManagerConnection</li>
<li>QueuePolicy</li>
<li>SecurityProfile</li>
<li>SubscriptionPolicy</li>
<li>TopicPolicy</li>
<li>TrustedCertificate</li>
</ul></p></li>
<li><b>ObjectName</b><p>Required.</p><p>Specifies the type of configuration object.</p></li>
</ul></p>
</section>
<section>
<title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title>
<ul>
<li>You can use the <ph conref = "../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API DELETE method to delete configuration objects,                     including endpoints, connection policies, messaging policies, and message hubs.                     To delete a message hub, you must first delete the endpoints that are associated                     with the message hub. You can delete the connection policies and messaging                     policies, or keep them to use with another endpoint.</li>
</ul>
</section>
<section>
<title>Example</title>
<p>Deletes a message hub called "MyHub" by using cURL: <codeblock>curl -X DELETE http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/configuration/MessageHub/MyHub
</codeblock></p>
            <note>All endpoints that are associated with a message hub must be deleted before you
                can delete the message hub. In this delete example, the following message is
                returned because an endpoint still exists on the message
                hub:<codeblock>
{
      "Version":"v1",
      "Code":"CWLNA0438",
      "Message":"MessageHub is in use. It still contains at least one endpoint."
 }
</codeblock></note>
</section>
</refbody>
</reference><?tm 1462285515893 2 Notes||IBM ?>
