<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="cmd_show_config" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Show configuration details of nameable configuration objects</title>
  <!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
  <!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
  <shortdesc/>
  <!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
  <!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
  <!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
  <refbody>
    <section><title>Purpose</title>View configuration details of configuration objects for which the
      name can be configured. </section>
    <section>
      <title>URI</title>
      <p>Use the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
        /> REST API GET method with the following <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
        /> configuration URI:</p>
      <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/&lt;ObjectType>/&lt;ObjectName></codeph></p>
      <p>where: <ul>
        <li><b>ObjectType</b><p>Required.</p><p>Specifies the type of configuration
              object.</p><p>You can display the configuration details of the following object types:<ul>
                <li>CertificateProfile</li>
                <li>ClientCertificate</li>
                <li>ClientSet</li>
                <li>ConfigurationPolicy</li>
                <li>ConnectionPolicy</li>
                <li>DestinationMappingRule</li>
                <li>EndPoint</li>
                <li>LTPAProfile</li>
                <li>MessageHub</li>
                <li>MQTTClient</li>
                <li>OAuthProfile</li>
                <li>Plugin</li>
                <li>Protocol</li>
                <li>Queue</li>
                <li>QueueManagerConnection</li>
                <li>QueuePolicy</li>
                <li>SecurityProfile</li>
                <li>SubscriptionPolicy</li>
                <li>TopicPolicy</li>
                <li>TrustedCertificate</li>
              </ul></p></li>
        <li><b>ObjectName</b><p>Optional.</p><p>Specifies the name of the configuration object.</p><p>If <parmname>ObjectName</parmname> is not specified, the configuration details of all instances of the object type are returned.</p></li>
        </ul></p>
      <note>If a value has not been specified for a filter property, you might see that filter property returned with empty string values. The empty string value means that the particular property is not used to filter messages.</note>
    </section>
    <section><title>Example</title>Shows configuration details of all endpoints by using cURL:<lines>
             curl -X GET  \
                 -H 'Content-Type: application/json'  \
                 http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/configuration/Endpoint</lines><p>Shows configuration details of an endpoint called "MyEndpoint" by using cURL: <lines>
             curl -X GET  \
                 -H 'Content-Type: application/json'  \
                 http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/configuration/Endpoint/MyEndpoint</lines></p><p>Example successful response to the GET method that was used to show configuration details of an endpoint called "MyEndpoint" :<codeblock>
     {   
       "Version": "v1",
        "EndPoint": {
          "MyEndpoint": {
            "Port": 16102,
            "Enabled": false,
            "Protocol": "All",
            "Interface": "All",
            "ConnectionPolicies": "MyConnectionPolicy",
            "TopicPolicies": "MyTopicPolicy",
            "MaxMessageSize": "4096KB",
            "MessageHub": "MyHub",
            "Description": "Unsecured endpoint for demonstration use only."
            "InterfaceName": "",
            "SecurityProfile": "",
            "MaxSendSize": 16384,
            "BatchMessages": true
          }
        }
      }</codeblock></p></section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
