<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="funfileget" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>file get</title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>file get</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>file get</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Copy a file to the appliance from a
remote location.</section>
<section><title>Syntax</title><cmdname>file get</cmdname> <varname>url</varname> <varname>localfile</varname></section>
<section><title>Parameters</title><dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>url</varname></dt>
<dd id="urlsyn">URL of the remote file.<p><codeblock>PROTOCOL : // [ USERNAME [:PASSWORD] @] HOSTNAME [:PORT] / [%2fABSPATH /] 
[RELPATH /] FILENAME</codeblock>White space is used to separate the
tokens for display and cannot be used in the URL Other punctuation
characters, such as a colon or a slash, must be typed literally. The
uppercase words are placeholders and should be replaced by their real
value. When PORT is specified, it must consist of decimal digits only.</p><p>The
remote path name is taken to be relative to the default directory
on the remote system. If USERNAME was specified in the URL, the default
directory is usually the home directory of that user. The slash that
separates the host name from the url-path in the URL is not part of
the path on the remote host. Furthermore, you cannot use "//" to separate
the host name from the path. For FTP and SCP, you can specify an absolute
path on the remote system by using the 3 characters "%2F" (either
upper or lower case) as the first part of the path in the URL.</p><p>Alternatively,
the URL might be specified by using the SCP syntax:<codeblock>PROTOCOL : // [ USERNAME [:PASSWORD] @] HOSTNAME : [/ABSPATH /] [RELPATH /] FILENAME</codeblock>This
syntax uses a colon to separate the host name from the file path,
so an absolute file path might be specified by using a leading slash
instead of "%2F". Do not use the above SCP syntax if you need to specify
a PORT, or if HOSTNAME is a hardcoded IPv6 address.</p><p>Currently,
only HTTP, FTP and SCP protocols are supported.</p><p>When you issue
the <cmdname>file get</cmdname> command, you can specify "." as the
local file name. The resulting local file will have the same name
as the file on the remote server.</p><p>For protocol SCP, you must
specify a USERNAME. It is optional to specify the PASSWORD. If you
do not specify the PASSWORD, you will be prompted for the password,
and you might be prompted to accept the remote system's SSH key fingerprint. </p></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>localfile</varname></dt>
<dd>Name to be assigned to the local copy of the file. No absolute
path elements (leading forward slashes) or subdirectories (forward
slashes) are allowed. It must be a relative, flat name. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
<section><title>Related Commands</title>See <xref format="dita"
href="fun_filedel.dita" scope="local" type="reference"></xref>, <xref
format="dita" href="fun_filelist.dita" scope="local" type="reference"></xref>,
and <xref format="dita" href="fun_fileput.dita" scope="local"
type="reference"></xref>.</section>
<section><title>Example</title>Retrieve a firmware file from a remote
location and give it the name of <tt>newfirmware</tt> on the appliance.<codeblock>Console> file get scp://user1@example.com:~/dev.scrypt2 newfirmware.scrypt2
user1@example.com's password: 
dev.scrypt2                           100%  136MB  34.0MB/s   00:04    
Wrote 142553856 bytes to local storage
Console></codeblock><?Pub Caret 110?></section>
<section otherprops="CONSUMER"><title>Information for consumers only</title>The <cmdname>file</cmdname> commands
operate on files in the <filepath>/var/lib/amlen-server/userfiles/</filepath> directory. </section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000003980?>
