<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="funhotswap" xml:lang="en-us"><title>raid hotswap</title>
<titlealts><searchtitle>raid hotswap</searchtitle></titlealts><prolog>
<metadata><keywords><indexterm>raid hotswap</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog><refbody><section><title>Purpose</title>Prepare
the physical disk for hotswap
by removing it from the control of the RAID card controller. After
executing this command and pulling out this physical disk, <cmdname
>raid re-use</cmdname> will not be needed when inserting this physical
disk to another new appliance. The RAID controller on the other appliance
will not regard this physical disk as foreign; the rebuild process
on the other appliance will be triggered automatically.</section>
<section><title>Syntax</title><cmdname>raid hotswap</cmdname> <varname
>deviceid</varname> </section><section><title>Parameters</title><dl>
<dlentry><dt><varname>deviceid</varname></dt><dd>Device ID of target
physical disk. This information can be obtained
from <cmdname>status raid physical</cmdname>.</dd></dlentry></dl></section>
<section><title>Usage Notes</title><ul><li>The data on the disk will
be kept.</li><li>This command is applicable to the 9005 platform only. </li>
</ul></section><section><title>Example</title>Prepare physical disk
with device id
8 to be ready for hotswap.<codeblock>Console> raid hotswap 8
Prepare for hot swap physical drive (device id 8)
Done
Console> status raid physical
Raid physical disk status:
Position: HDD1
    Controller ID: 1
    Device ID: 8
    Array ID: 0
    Logical drive ID: 0
    Logical drive name: raid0
    State: unconfigured good drive
...</codeblock></section><section otherprops="CONSUMER"><title>Information
for consumers only</title>This command is a hidden command, meant
only for internal use.  It must not be revealed to end customers.
 </section></refbody></reference>
