<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="fundeincle" xml:lang="en-us"><title>device intrusion
clear</title><titlealts><searchtitle>device intrusion clear</searchtitle>
</titlealts><prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm>device intrusion
clear</indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog><refbody><section
><title>Purpose</title><ul><li>Clear device of intruded state recorded
when the appliance case
is physically opened so that the case is no longer considered intruded.</li>
<li>Some customer-replaceable or field-replaceable parts on the appliance
might require the case to be opened. Run this command after the parts
are replaced and the case is closed.</li></ul></section><section><title
>Syntax</title><cmdname>device intrusion clear</cmdname></section>
<section><title>Parameters</title>None.</section><section><title>Usage
Notes</title><ul><li>This command is valid only on a 7198 or 7199
machine types.</li><li>Opening the case on a 9235 machine type will
render the appliance
permanently inoperable, requiring that the appliance be returned to
the factory, so do not open the case on a 9235 machine type. These
physical appliances have sensors that detect when the case has been
opened. On other machine types of physical appliances, this command
will not have any effect. This command is not applicable on virtual
appliances.</li><li>See also <xref format="dita"
href="fun_intrusion.dita" scope="local" type="reference"></xref>.</li>
</ul></section><section><title>Example</title><codeblock>Console> device intrusion clear
CWZBR02196I: Ok
Console></codeblock></section><section otherprops="CONSUMER"><title
>Information
for consumers only</title><ul><li>For this command to work as described
here, configure the file
intrusion_detection.xml in the SDK. For more information, see "How
does the intrusion switch get used?".</li><li>If your product is not
a virtual appliance, please remove the
verbage regarding virtual appliances.</li><li>A 7198 is a 9005 1U,
a 7199 is a 9005 2U, and a 9235 is a 9004.</li></ul></section></refbody>
</reference>
