<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="funreuse" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>raid re-use</title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>raid re-use</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>raid re-use</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Make a physical disk previously used
in another RAID card controller available for use in the appliance.
When a previously used disk is inserted into the appliance, it might
be recognized by the RAID controller as a foreign disk. This command
will make the disk usable by the RAID controller and automatically
start the rebuilding process for the disk into the RAID array.</section>
<section><title>Syntax</title><cmdname>raid re-use </cmdname> </section>
<section><title>Parameters</title>None.</section>
<section><title>Usage Notes</title><ul>
<li>The old data on the physical disk will be lost.  </li>
<li>This command will clear the foreign state of a used physical disk
and also trigger the rebuilding process. After the building process
completes, the physical disk will transition online.  </li>
<li>This command works for only one physical disk. If more than one
foreign physical disk is inserted at a time, the command will not
be able to make them into a  RAID configuration.</li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Example</title>Clean used physical disk foreign state
and start rebuilding.<codeblock>Console> raid re-use
Bring physical drive back online after hot swap
Done
Console> status raid physical
Raid physical disk status:
Position: HDD1
    Controller ID: 1
    Device ID: 8
    Array ID: 1
    Logical drive ID: 1
    Logical drive name: raid0
    State: rebuild
    Progress percent: 3
...</codeblock></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000001963?>
