<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="funfileput" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>file put</title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>file put</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>file put</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Copy a file to a remote location from
the appliance.</section>
<section><title>Syntax</title><cmdname>file put</cmdname> <varname>localfile</varname> <varname>url</varname></section>
<section><title>Parameters</title><dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>localfile</varname></dt>
<dd>Name of the local file to be transferred. This file must exist.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>url</varname></dt>
<dd id="urlsyn">URL of the remote file.<p><codeblock>PROTOCOL : // [ USERNAME [:PASSWORD] @] HOSTNAME [:PORT] / [%2fABSPATH /] 
[RELPATH /] FILENAME</codeblock>White space is used to separate the
tokens for display and cannot be used in the URL Other punctuation
characters, such as a colon or a slash, must be typed literally. The
uppercase words are placeholders and should be replaced by their real
value. When PORT is specified, it must consist of decimal digits only.</p><p>The
remote path name is taken to be relative to the default directory
on the remote system. If USERNAME was specified in the URL, the default
directory is usually the home directory of that user. The slash that
separates the host name from the url-path in the URL is not part of
the path on the remote host. Furthermore, you cannot use "//" to separate
the host name from the path. For FTP and SCP, you can specify an absolute
path on the remote system by using the 3 characters "%2F" (either
upper or lower case) as the first part of the path in the URL.</p><p>Alternatively,
the URL might be specified by using the SCP syntax:<codeblock>PROTOCOL : // [ USERNAME [:PASSWORD] @] HOSTNAME : [/ABSPATH /] [RELPATH /] FILENAME</codeblock>This
syntax uses a colon to separate the host name from the file path,
so an absolute file path might be specified by using a leading slash
instead of "%2F". Do not use this SCP syntax if you need to specify
a PORT, or if HOSTNAME is a hardcoded IPv6 address.</p><p>Currently,
only FTP and SCP protocols are supported.</p><?Pub Caret -2?><p>When
you issue the <cmdname>file put</cmdname> command, you can specify
just the destination directory by ending the URL with a slash. The
resulting remote file will have the same name as the local file.</p><p>For
protocol SCP, you must specify a USERNAME. It is optional to specify
the PASSWORD. If you do not specify the PASSWORD, you will be prompted
for the password, and you might be prompted to accept the remote system's
SSH key fingerprint. </p></dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
<section><title>Related Commands</title>See <xref format="dita"
href="fun_filedel.dita" scope="local" type="reference"></xref>, <xref
format="dita" href="fun_fileget.dita" scope="local" type="reference"></xref>,
and <xref format="dita" href="fun_filelist.dita" scope="local"
type="reference"></xref>.</section>
<section><title>Example</title>Copy local file <tt>collect-pd.txt</tt> to
a remote system as <tt>diag.txt</tt>.<codeblock>Console> file put collect-pd.txt scp://user1@example.com:~/diag.txt
user1@example.com's password: 
collect-pd.txt                                100%  101KB 101.4KB/s   00:00    
Console></codeblock></section>
<section otherprops="CONSUMER"><title>Information for consumers only</title>The <cmdname>file</cmdname> commands
operate on files in the /var/lib/amlen-server/userfiles/ directory.</section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000003775?>
