<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="funfullydelete" xml:lang="en-us"><title>raid fully-delete</title>
<titlealts><searchtitle>raid fully-delete</searchtitle></titlealts>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm>raid fully-delete </indexterm>
</keywords></metadata></prolog><refbody><section><title>Purpose</title
>Delete the configuration on the RAID
card controller and also erase all data on the physical disk.</section>
<section><title>Syntax</title><cmdname>raid fully-delete </cmdname
> </section><section><title>Parameters</title>None.</section><section
><title>Usage Notes</title><ul><li>All data on the disk will be erased
by cleaning every bit on the
physical disk. This cleaning process will take a long time and will
be based on the size of the physical disk.</li><li>The configuration
on the RAID card controller will be erased and
will be automatically reconfigured at the next boot.</li><li>The state
of all physical disks will be reset.</li></ul></section><section><title
>Related Commands</title>See <xref format="dita"
href="fun_raiddelete.dita" scope="local" type="reference"></xref>.</section>
<section><title>Example</title>Delete configuration on RAID controller
and erase all data on the physical disk.<codeblock>Console> raid fully-delete
Delete volume and reset physical device completely
Delete volume successfully
Console> status volume
No volume
Console> status raid physical
Raid physical disk status:
Position: HDD1
    Controller ID: 1
    Device ID: 8
    Array ID: 0
    Logical drive ID: 0
    Logical drive name: raid0
    State: unconfigured good driv
...</codeblock></section><section otherprops="CONSUMER"><title>Information
for consumers only</title>This command is a hidden command, meant
only for internal use. It must not be revealed to end customers.</section>
</refbody></reference>
