<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="funraiddelete" xml:lang="en-us"><title>raid delete</title>
<titlealts><searchtitle>raid delete</searchtitle></titlealts><prolog>
<metadata><keywords><indexterm>raid delete</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog><refbody><section><title>Purpose</title>Delete
the configuration on the RAID
card controller and also clean up volume and partition information
to set the physical disk back to factory state.</section><section
><title>Syntax</title><cmdname>raid delete</cmdname> </section><section
><title>Parameters</title>None.</section><section><title>Usage Notes</title
><ul><li>The data on the disk will be lost.</li><li>The configuration
on the RAID card controller will be erased and
will be automatically reconfigured at the next boot. </li><li>The
partition will be eliminated and the partition information
will be erased on the disk.</li><li>The state of all physical disks
will be reset. </li><li>Only volumes managed by the RAID card controller
will be deleted.
 </li><li>Unmanaged volumes will not be deleted.</li></ul></section>
<section><title>Related Commands</title>See <xref format="dita"
href="fun_fullydelete.dita" scope="local" type="reference"></xref
>.</section><section><title>Example</title>Delete configuration on
the RAID controller.<codeblock> Console> raid delete
 Delete volume
 Delete volume successfully
 Console> status volume
 No volume
 Console> status raid physical
 Raid physical disk status:
 Position: HDD1
     Controller ID: 1
     Device ID: 8
     Array ID: 0
     Logical drive ID: 0
     Logical drive name: raid0
     State: unconfigured good drive
 ...</codeblock></section><section otherprops="CONSUMER"><title>Information
for consumers only</title>This command only causes the partition table
to be erased, not erasure of all data on the disk bit by bit; therefore
this command completes relatively quickly. If a full cleanup is needed, <xref
format="dita" href="fun_fullydelete.dita" scope="local" type="reference"
></xref> needs to be considered for this intention.</section></refbody>
</reference>
