<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="fun_rebuild" xml:lang="en-us"><title>raid rebuild</title>
<titlealts><searchtitle>raid rebuild</searchtitle></titlealts><prolog>
<metadata><keywords><indexterm>raid rebuild</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog><refbody><section><title>Purpose</title>Force
an online physical disk into
the rebuild process.</section><section><title>Syntax</title><cmdname
>raid rebuild</cmdname> </section><section><title>Parameters</title
>None.</section><section><title>Usage Notes</title><ul><li>The behavior
of this command will differ based on the RAID type
that is used.</li><li>For RAID 1, this command will bring down the
secondary physical
disk in the RAID array and issue the rebuild command on it. There
is no capability to choose another physical disk as the source to
create the mirror from. The data on the secondary (mirrored) physical
disk will be replaced with the data from the primary (source) physical
disk. </li><li>For RAID 5, it will perform a parity check to decide
what data
should be rebuilt in the array. If there is data to be written as
part of the rebuild, it might occur on any physical drive in the array. </li>
<li>For RAID 10, since it has a nested RAID 1 group, it will rebuild
the mirrored data from the source data, but the source might not be
the first physical disk.</li></ul></section><section><title>Example</title
>Rebuild one physical disk.<codeblock>Console> raid rebuild
Console> status volume
Storage Volume Status:
Volume 'raid0' is [Online] : size = 285148 MB, num partitions = 2, rebuilding 3%
    Partition 1 'raid0-1' is [Online], encryption is [None]
        Total size = 91 MB,   free size = 86 MB
    Partition 2 'raid0-2' is [Online], encryption is [None]
        Total size = 184 MB,   free size = 179 MB
Console> status raid physical
Raid physical disk status:
Position: HDD1
    Controller ID: 1
    Device ID: 8
    Array ID: 1
    Logical drive ID: 1
    Logical drive name: raid0
    State: rebuild
    Progress percent: 3
...</codeblock></section><section otherprops="CONSUMER"><title>Information
for consumers only</title>This command is a hidden command, meant
for internal test use only. It generally should not be revealed to
end customers. The RAID type in use might  differ not only on the
hardware platform, but on the product also.</section></refbody>
</reference>
