<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="funbusybox" xml:lang="en-us"><title>busybox</title>
<titlealts><searchtitle>busybox</searchtitle></titlealts><prolog>
<metadata><keywords><indexterm>busybox</indexterm></keywords></metadata>
</prolog><refbody><section><title>Purpose</title>Create an operating
system command
shell to run arbitrary commands.<note>THIS COMMAND SHOULD NOT BE AVAILABLE
IN FIRMWARE SHIPPED TO EXTERNAL CUSTOMERS.</note></section><section
><title>Syntax</title><cmdname>busybox</cmdname></section><section
><title>Parameters</title>None.</section><section><title>Usage Notes</title
><ul><li>The busybox shell bundles numerous Linux utilities into a
single
executable. See <xref format="html"
href="http://www.busybox.net/about.html" scope="external">busybox</xref
>. You can also call any other binary executable in the operating
system.</li><li>Use the <cmdname>exit</cmdname> command or the end-of-file
character
ctrl-D to return to the command line interface (CLI).</li></ul></section>
<section><title>Example</title>Enter the busybox shell and then return
to the command line interface (CLI).<codeblock>Console> busybox
# ls /home/admin
# exit
Console></codeblock></section><section otherprops="CONSUMER"><title
>Information
for consumers only</title>This command is a hidden command, meant
for internal use only. As such, it is included only in development-keyed
firmware. <b>It must not be revealed or made accessible to end customers.</b
> Reference to this command must be removed before publishing this
documentation to end customers. It is present for pre-GA development
use only.</section></refbody></reference>
