<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="static_configuration" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> static configuration</title>
    <shortdesc>
    The static configuration file allows manual configuration of the server. The 
    configuration is loaded when the server starts, any modification to the configuration 
    requires the server to be stopped and restarted. Settings for High Availability (HA) 
    should be set the same on both servers in the pair. 
    </shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <section><title>SNMPPort</title>
        <p> 
          The SNMP port can only be configured manually by commenting out the 
          <option>SNMPPort</option> directive in <filepath>server.cfg </filepath> 
          and setting it to the port number that you want to use. The
          default value for the subagent port is <userinput>705</userinput>.
        </p>
        </section>
        <section><title>HA.AllowSingleNIC</title>
        <p>
          When configuring High Availability, a redundant network connection is required. 
          This is typically done by specifying the Discovery interface and Replication 
          interface to use different subnets. If using an aggregated link redundancy is 
          handled at the Operating System level and it will appear as a single Network 
          Interface Card. 
        </p><p>
          Setting <option>HA.AllowSingleNIC</option> to 1 removes policing and allows the
          Discovery Interface and Replication Interface to be on the same subnet.
        </p>
        </section>
        <section><title>HA.SplitBrainPolicy</title>
        <p>
          If a High Availabilitiy pair encounters a Split Brain situation (see 
          <xref href="../Troubleshooting/tr00015_.dita" />) manual intervention from an 
          Administrator is required to choose the appropriate Primary server.
        </p><p>
          To allow the pair to choose a primary server itself set the 
          HA.SplitBrainPolicy to 1. Under this policy the server with the largest number
          of active connections will become the primary server. In the event of a tie the
          server with the highest session count will become the primary server. If there 
          is still a tie then neither server will become the primary and manual intervention
          is required.
        </p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
    <related-links>
        <link format="dita" href="../Administering/ad00510_.dita" type="concept"/>
        <link format="dita" href="../Reference/link_aggregation.dita" type="concept"/>
        <link format="dita" href="../Overview/ov40000.dita" type="concept"/>
    </related-links>
</concept>
