<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="re00001_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Classless Inter-Domain Routing</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>Classless Inter-Domain Routing (CIDR or supernetting) is
a way to combine several class-C address ranges into a single network
or route. This method of routing adds class-C Internet Protocol (IP)
addresses. These addresses are given out by Internet Service Providers
(ISPs) for use by their customers. CIDR addresses can reduce the size
of your routing tables and make more IP addresses available within
your business. </shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>In the past, you were required to enter a subnet mask that was
equal to or greater than the mask required for the network class.
For class-C addresses, a subnet of 255.255.255.0 was the largest (253
host) that could be specified. To conserve IP addresses, when companies
needed more than 253 hosts in a network, the Internet was issuing
several class-C addresses. This would make the configuration of routes
and other things difficult. </p>
<p>Now, CIDR allows these contiguous class-C addresses to be combined
into a single network address range by using the subnet mask. For
example, if you are giving out four class-C network addresses (208.222.148.0,
208.222.149.0, 208.222.150.0, and 208.222.151.0 with a subnet mask
of 255.255.255.0), you can ask your ISP to make them a supernet by
using the subnet mask 255.255.252.0. This mask combines the four networks
into one for routing purposes. CIDR is beneficial because it reduces
the number of assigned but unnecessary IP addresses.</p>
</conbody>
<?tm 1413224042 0?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000001783?>
