<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<concept id="sy10570_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Distinguished Names</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc rev="5479">The Distinguished Name (DN) uniquely identifies
an entity in an X.509 certificate.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>digital certificate<indexterm>Distinguished Name
(DN)</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>Distinguished Name (DN)<indexterm>introduction</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>DN</indexterm><indexterm>X.509 standard<indexterm>DN identifies
entity</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>The following attribute types are commonly found in the DN: <dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>SERIALNUMBER</dt>
<dd>Certificate serial number</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>MAIL</dt>
<dd>Email address</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>E</dt>
<dd>Email address (Deprecated in preference to MAIL)</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>UID or USERID</dt>
<dd>User identifier</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>CN</dt>
<dd>Common Name</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>T</dt>
<dd>Title</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>OU</dt>
<dd>Organizational Unit name</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>DC</dt>
<dd>Domain component</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>O</dt>
<dd>Organization name</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>STREET</dt>
<dd>Street / First line of address</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>L</dt>
<dd>Locality name</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>ST (or SP or S)</dt>
<dd>State or Province name</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>PC</dt>
<dd>Postal code / zip code</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>C</dt>
<dd>Country</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>UNSTRUCTUREDNAME</dt>
<dd>Host name</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>UNSTRUCTUREDADDRESS</dt>
<dd>IP address</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>DNQ</dt>
<dd>Distinguished name qualifier</dd>
</dlentry></dl>The X.509 standard defines other attributes that do
not typically form part of the DN but can provide optional extensions
to the digital certificate.</p>
<p>The X.509 standard provides for a DN to be specified in a string
format. For example: <codeblock rev="dp">
CN=John Smith, OU=Test, O=IBM, C=GB
</codeblock></p>
<p>The Common Name (CN) can describe an individual user or any other
entity, for example a server.</p>
<p>The DN can contain multiple OU and DC attributes. Only one instance
of each of the other attributes is permitted. The order of the OU
entries is significant: the order specifies a hierarchy of Organizational
Unit names, with the highest-level unit first. The order of the DC
entries is also significant.</p>
</conbody>
<?tm 1413224041 0?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000002716?>
