<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<concept id="sy10540_" xml:lang="en-us">
<?acro_status spelling="0" grammar="0" style="10" terminology="0" terminologyAdmitted="0" reuse="0" total="10" score="260" status="red" ?>
<title>What is in a digital certificate</title>
<shortdesc rev="5197">Digital certificates contain specific pieces
of information, as determined by the X.509 standard. X.509 is a standard
for defining digital certificates.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>digital certificate<indexterm>content</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>X.509 standard<indexterm>digital certificates comply with</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>Digital certificates used by <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> comply with
the X.509 standard, which specifies the information that is required
and the format for sending it. X.509 is the Authentication framework
part of the X.500 series of standards.</p>
<p>Digital certificates contain at least the following information
about the entity being certified: <ul>
<li>The owner's public key</li>
<li>The owner's Distinguished Name</li>
<li>The Distinguished Name of the CA that issued the certificate</li>
<li>The date from which the certificate is valid</li>
<li>The expiry date of the certificate</li>
<li>The version number of the certificate data format as defined in
X.509. The current version of the X.509 standard is Version 3, and
most certificates conform to that version.</li>
<li>A serial number. This is a unique identifier assigned by the CA
which issued the certificate. The serial number is unique within the
CA which issued the certificate: no two certificates signed by the
same CA certificate have the same serial number.</li>
</ul></p>
<p rev="5197">An X.509 Version 2 certificate also contains an Issuer
Identifier and a Subject Identifier, and an X.509 Version 3 certificate
can contain a number of extensions. Some certificate extensions, such
as the Basic Constraint extension, are <term>standard</term>, but
others are implementation-specific. An extension can be <term>critical</term>,
in which case a system must be able to recognize the field; if it
does not recognize the field, it must reject the certificate. If an
extension is not critical, the system can ignore it if does not recognize
it.</p>
<p>The digital signature in a personal certificate is generated using
the private key of the CA which signed that certificate. Anyone who
needs to verify the personal certificate can use the CA's public key
to do so. The CA's certificate contains its public key.</p>
<p>Digital certificates do not contain your private key. You must
keep your private key secret.</p>
</conbody>
<?tm 1354636422 0?>
</concept><?Pub Caret 0?>
<?Pub *0000002949?>
