<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00995" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Provisioning <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"
/> on a SoftLayer Bare Metal Instance</title>
<shortdesc>To start configuring <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> in a cloud environment, you must install <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"
/> in the SoftLayer environment as a cloud computing instance or bare metal server. If you are using a bare metal instance, you must install the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/virtualedition"
/> ISO image from your local hard disk onto a SoftLayer bare metal instance by using IPMIview. </shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq><p>If you want to provision <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"/> on bare metal, use the SoftLayer environment and ensure that you have the following items: <ul>
<li>You must have a SoftLayer account if you want to provision and configure <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> in a SoftLayer environment. For more information about creating an account, see the <xref
href="http://www.softlayer.com/" scope="external"
>SoftLayer</xref> website where you can also chat with a member of the support team. </li>
<li>You must have an <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"
/> ISO image. You can download the ISO image from <xref
href="http://www.ibm.com/software/howtobuy/passportadvantage/pao_customers.htm" scope="external"><tm
tmtype="reg" trademark="Passport Advantage">Passport Advantage</tm></xref>.</li>
<li>You must have IPMIview if you want to provision and configure <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> on a bare metal instance. You can download the IPMIview tool version 2.9.30 from the <xref
href="ftp://ftp.supermicro.com/utility/IPMIView/" scope="external">SuperMicro site</xref>. </li>
<li>You might want to review hardware and resource requirements, which are detailed in <xref
format="dita" href="../Planning/pl00040.dita" scope="local" type="concept"
>Planning the installation of <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"
/></xref>.</li>
</ul></p></prereq>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Log on to the SoftLayer VPN from your browser with an SSL
VPN connection by completing the following steps:   </cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Connect to the SoftLayer SSL VPN Portal by clicking
the following link <xref href="https://vpn.softlayer.com"
scope="external"></xref></cmd><stepresult>The <wintitle>SoftLayer
SSL VPN Portal</wintitle> page is displayed. </stepresult></substep>
<substep><cmd>Enter your user name and password and click <uicontrol>Log
In</uicontrol>. </cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Complete the fields when prompted.</cmd><stepresult>A
welcome message is displayed in the SoftLayer console, indicating
that you are connected to the Network layer management network.</stepresult>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Verify that you are connected by checking that the <uicontrol>Disconnect</uicontrol> button
is active or by making an SSH connection to a 10. IP private network
in SoftLayer.</cmd></substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Connect IPMIview to the management IPMI port on the bare metal system that you want to install the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> ISO on by completing the following steps:</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep>
<cmd>Open <wintitle>IPMIview</wintitle></cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Select <menucascade>
<uicontrol>File</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>New</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>System</uicontrol>
</menucascade>. </cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Enter the IPMI address of your server and click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</cmd>
<info>You can find the IPMI address, log in, and password for your bare metal IPMI mgmt port by selecting <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Devices</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Device List</uicontrol>
<uicontrol><varname>baremetal system</varname></uicontrol>
<uicontrol> Remote Mgmt</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Management IP and Password</uicontrol>
</menucascade></info>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Double-click the new system and enter log in details. </cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Select the <uicontrol>KVM Console</uicontrol> tab and click <uicontrol>Launch KVM Console</uicontrol>.</cmd>
<stepresult>The KVM console is displayed.</stepresult>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Click <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Virtual Media</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Virtual Storage</uicontrol>
</menucascade> and select the <uicontrol>CDROM&amp;ISO</uicontrol> tab.</cmd>
<info>If you see an error message that says <systemoutput>You don't have privileges to Perform this Action</systemoutput>, you can raise a ticket with SoftLayer to change the permissions of your IPMI user.</info>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Connect the virtual CD_ROM drive to the path on your local disk where your ISO image for the bare metal server is stored by completing the following steps:</cmd>
<info>
<ol>
<li>Change the <uicontrol>Logical Drive Type</uicontrol> to <userinput>ISO File</userinput></li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Open Image</uicontrol> to browse the <filepath>.iso</filepath> file.</li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Plug-in</uicontrol> to make the <filepath>.iso</filepath> file available.</li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to close the window. </li>
</ol>
</info>
<stepresult>A successful connection to the CD_ROM is established.</stepresult>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step><cmd>To install the ISO image, restart the system and log back
in by completing the following steps:</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Restart the system by clicking <uicontrol>Power Cycle</uicontrol> in
the <uicontrol>IPM Device</uicontrol> tab in <wintitle>IPMIview</wintitle>.
When you click <uicontrol>Power Cycle</uicontrol>, the ISO installation
process is started. Do not close the SSL VPN connection because the
ISO image is being loaded over this connection through IPMIview. You
can monitor progress by using the <uicontrol>KVM Console</uicontrol> tab.
This process can take more than an hour. </cmd><stepresult>After the
ISO image is loaded, the bare metal server automatically shuts down.<note>If
you cannot start the ISO installation process by clicking <uicontrol>Power
Cycle</uicontrol> in the <uicontrol>IPM Device</uicontrol> tab, you
can try to install by selecting <uicontrol>Power Control</uicontrol> in
the <wintitle>KVM</wintitle> window. If the installation process fails,
then you can raise a ticket with SoftLayer to request that the boot
order of the server is changed to allow it to boot from a CD.</note></stepresult>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Disconnect the virtual CD-ROM drive so that the ISO
image is not installed each time that the system is rebooted.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Power Up</uicontrol> from the <uicontrol>IPM
Device</uicontrol> tab in <wintitle>IPMIview</wintitle>. If you see <systemoutput>No
Signal</systemoutput> in the KVM Console, click <menucascade><uicontrol>Power
Control</uicontrol><uicontrol>Power On</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd>
</substep><?Pub Caret 136?>
<substep><cmd>On the <uicontrol>KVM Console</uicontrol> tab, enter
your user name and password and click <uicontrol>Log In</uicontrol>. </cmd>
<info>The first time you log in, you can use the user name <userinput>admin</userinput> and
the password <userinput>admin</userinput>.</info></substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step><cmd>Complete the Setup wizard:</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Select which interface to configure. To accept the default, <codeph>eth0</codeph>,
press enter.</cmd><info>Alternatively, enter the ethernet interface
that you want to configure. To check valid options for your configuration,
select <menucascade><uicontrol>Devices</uicontrol><uicontrol>Device
List</uicontrol><uicontrol>Configuration Tab</uicontrol><uicontrol>Network</uicontrol>
</menucascade>. You can then view the network section for your device
in <filepath>control.softlayer.com</filepath>. </info></substep>
<substep><cmd>Choose whether to use DHCP. You must enter <codeph>yes</codeph> or <codeph>no</codeph>.
Abbreviations are not accepted.</cmd><info><note>In most cases, the
answer is <codeph>no</codeph>. The following instructions are written
assuming that the answer to this question is <codeph>no</codeph>.</note></info>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Enter the IP address for the interface in classless
inter-domain routing (CIDR) format.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Enter the gateway for the interface.</cmd><info><note><ul>
<li>Do not configure more than one default gateway. If you need to
configure more than one gateway, you can use the <cmdname>static-route</cmdname> command.</li>
<li>If you make a mistake, type the following command at a command
prompt and make the necessary corrections: <codeph>edit ethernet-interface
eth0</codeph>.</li>
<li>For more information about editing Ethernet interfaces, see <xref
format="dita" href="../Administering/ad00215_.dita" scope="local"
type="task"></xref>.</li>
</ul></note></info></substep>
<substep id="ESXpostDHCP">
<cmd>Specify the licensed usage for <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"
/>.</cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step><cmd>Follow the steps on the <wintitle>First Steps</wintitle> page
to complete the setup.</cmd><info><note>To start messaging, you must
either create a new endpoint, or enable the endpoints that are defined
in the DemoHub message hub. You can configure endpoints by using the
command line or by using the Web UI. For more information about configuring
endpoints, see <xref format="dita" href="../Administering/ad00360_.dita"
scope="local"></xref>.</note></info></step>
</steps>
<postreq><p>After your system is provisioned, you can view the system details or connect to the system. Almost all of the commands that are available on the physical appliance are available on <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"/>. </p><ul>
<li>You must change your password at the first login by using the <cmdname>imaserver user edit</cmdname> command so that unauthorized users cannot access <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"/>.</li>
<li>To view the system details, select <menucascade><uicontrol>Device</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Device List</uicontrol></menucascade> from the <uicontrol>SoftLayer</uicontrol> menu.
The <wintitle>Devices</wintitle> screen is displayed. This screen
lists the names of systems that are provisioned. The public and private
IP addresses that are associated with the provisioned system are also
displayed. </li>
<li>To connect to the system by using the private IP address, you
must use a VPN connection. You can access a VPN connection by selecting <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Support</uicontrol><uicontrol>Help</uicontrol><uicontrol>SSL
VPN Login</uicontrol></menucascade>. You can log in by using the VPN
user name and password that is provided when you create a SoftLayer
account. <note>Ensure that you install the SoftLayer VPN client. To
install the SoftLayer VPN client, click <menucascade><uicontrol>Support</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Help</uicontrol><uicontrol>Downloads</uicontrol>
</menucascade>. You must be logged in to SoftLayer to access the <wintitle>Downloads</wintitle> page.</note></li>
<li>To connect to the system by using the public IP address, open an SSH client and connect to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"
/> by using the public IP address. The user name is <userinput>admin</userinput> and the password is <userinput>admin</userinput>.</li>
</ul><p>You can also connect to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"
/> by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>. You can access the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
/>, by entering the following URL into your browser <userinput>https://<varname>IP address</varname>:9087</userinput> where <varname>IP address</varname> is the private or public IP address that is assigned by SoftLayer. </p></postreq>
</taskbody>
<?tm 1413223988 17?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000012713?>
