<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="qs00002_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Verifying the installation of <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph></title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>You can verify the installation of <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> by using the
Messaging Tester sample application.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context>This procedure uses a sample application and a demonstration MQTT endpoint to verify the
installation of the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server. The demonstration
MQTT endpoint allows applications to connect to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
on port <codeph>1883</codeph>, and from any configured IP address. The endpoint has a messaging
policy and a connection policy that is associated with it. These policies allow all applications to
connect. After you verify the installation, you must disable the endpoint to prevent unauthorized
applications from accessing <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>.<p>You can use the
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> to download the sample application.
Alternatively, you can run a hosted version of the application which is available on  <xref
href="http://mqtt-helper.mybluemix.net" scope="external" format="html">MQTT Helper</xref>. If you
use the hosted version, you must ensure that your machine can access the internet.</p><p>For more
information about endpoints, connection policies, and messaging policies, and how these
configuration items are used to restrict access to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>, see <xref format="dita"
href="../Overview/ov00060.dita" scope="local" type="concept"/>.</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Go to the <wintitle>Messaging Tester Sample Application</wintitle> page
in one of the following ways:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>From the <uicontrol>Home</uicontrol> tab, click <uicontrol>Messaging Tester Sample
Application</uicontrol> in the <uicontrol>Verify your configuration with the IBM IoT Message Gateway
Messaging Tester sample application</uicontrol> pane.</choice>
<choice>From the <uicontrol>Messaging</uicontrol> menu, click <uicontrol>Sample
Application</uicontrol>.</choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step><cmd>Follow the instructions on the <wintitle>Messaging Tester
Sample Application</wintitle> page to complete the verification procedure.</cmd>
</step>
</steps>
<postreq><p>After you verify the server installation, you can take a number of steps:<ul>
     <li>You can learn about the basic concepts of <ph
       conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>. For example, you can learn about message
      hubs, endpoints, connection policies, and messaging policies, and how these configuration
      items control your messaging solution. <p>For more information, see <xref format="dita"
        href="../Overview/ov00003_.dita" scope="local" type="concept"/>.</p></li>
     <li>You can plan your solution by examining common messaging patterns, and making key decisions
      about your solution. You can explore example end-to-end scenarios, and use these scenarios as
      the basis for your solution. <p>For more information, see <xref format="dita"
        href="../Planning/pl00001_.dita" scope="local" type="concept"/>, and <xref format="dita"
        href="../Scenarios/sc00000_.dita" scope="local" type="concept"/>.</p></li>
    </ul></p></postreq>
</taskbody>
<?tm 1413223988 1?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000004173?>
