<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="qs00053_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Logging in to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/></title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>Log in to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
        /> to verify the installation of <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
        /> and to administer the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
        /> messaging server. </shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<taskbody>
<prereq>Ensure that the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> and <ph
            conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> messaging server are running.</prereq>
<context>
<p>You can use the URL <codeph>http://&lt;server:Port></codeph> to connect to the <ph
                    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>. This task uses
                    <codeph>https://10.10.2.149:9087/</codeph> to connect to the <ph
                    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>. To use this URL, your <ph
                    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> container must be running on
                the host with IP address <codeph>10.10.2.149</codeph>.</p>
            <p>You need to accept an <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>
                certificate and an <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server
                certificate before you can start using the <ph
                    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>. Both of these certificates
                must be changed if you move from a non-production to a production environment.</p>
</context>
<steps>
<step>
                <cmd>Open an Internet Explorer 11, Firefox, or Chrome browser and connect to the <ph
                    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
                    /> by entering the following URL:</cmd>
                <info> <codeph>10.10.2.149:9087</codeph><?linebreak?></info>
            </step>
<step>
                <cmd>Accept the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> certificate
                    so that you can view the login page.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Log in and accept the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
                    /> server certificate in one of the following ways: </cmd>
                <choices>
                    <choice>If you are using Internet Explorer 11, complete the following steps to log in and accept the <ph
                        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server certificate: <ol>
                        <li>At the login prompt, type the default ID and password <ph>(<codeph>admin</codeph>/<codeph>admin</codeph> )</ph> and click <uicontrol>Log in</uicontrol>. </li>
                        <li>After you are logged in, follow the browser prompts to accept the certificate. </li>
                        <li>The <wintitle>Common configuration and customization tasks</wintitle>
                                section of the <wintitle>IBM Watson IoT Platform - Message Gateway Web UI</wintitle> home
                                page is displayed.</li>
                        </ol> </choice>
                    <choice>If you are using Firefox or Google Chrome, complete the following steps to log in and accept the <ph
                        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server certificate: <ol>
                        <li>At the login prompt, type the default ID and password
<ph>(<codeph>admin</codeph>/<codeph>admin</codeph> )</ph> and click <uicontrol>Log in</uicontrol>.
The error <systemoutput>Cannot connect to the IBM Message Gateway server</systemoutput> is
displayed.</li>
                        <li>Click <uicontrol>Click here</uicontrol> in the message text. An error page is displayed that indicates that you need to accept the certificate.</li>
                        <li>Follow the browser prompts to accept the certificate. The
                        <wintitle>About IBM Watson IoT Platform - Message Gateway</wintitle> page is
                                displayed in a new browser window.</li>
                        <li>Return to the <wintitle>IBM Watson IoT Platform - Message Gateway Web UI</wintitle> page. If
                                the error box is still displayed, refresh the page.</li>
                        <li>The <wintitle>Common configuration and customization tasks</wintitle>
                        section of the <wintitle>IBM Watson IoT Platform - Message Gateway Web UI</wintitle> home
                                page is displayed.</li>
                        </ol><?Pub Caret -1?></choice>
                </choices>
                <info>
                    <note>You can replace the default certificate with your own appropriately signed certificate and then you do not have to keep accepting certificates. For information about specifying your own certificate to replace the default certificate, see <xref
                        href="../AdministeringWebUI/ad00196_.dita"/>.</note>
                </info>
            </step>
</steps>
<postreq>You can use the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
            /> to verify your installation of <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
            /> and to administer the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
            /> messaging server. For more information about verifying your installation, see <xref
            href="qs00002_.dita"/>. For more information about using the <ph
            conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> to administer the <ph
            conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> messaging server, see <xref
            format="dita" href="../Administering/ad00000_.dita" scope="local" type="concept"
            />.<note>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
            /> can administer the messaging server only after the license has been accepted on the  messaging server. Use the <ph
            conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
            /> REST API POST method to accept the license on the messaging server. For more information about accepting the license by using the <ph
            conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API POST method, see <xref
            format="dita" href="../Administering/ad00793_.dita" scope="local" type="task"
            />.</note></postreq>
</taskbody>
</task>
