<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="va_installing" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Installing <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"
/> on a stand-alone hypervisor</title>
<shortdesc><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"
/> is an open virtual appliance (OVA) package that you can import into your virtualization environment.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq><p>For information about supported environments, hardware
requirements, and resource requirements, see <xref format="dita"
href="../Planning/pl00040.dita" scope="local" type="concept"></xref>.</p></prereq>
<steps>
<step><cmd>On the server where you are running the virtual image,
edit the BIOS settings to enable virtualization</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Install virtualization software to which you can deploy
the OVA package</cmd></step>
<step>
<cmd>In your virtualization software, import the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> virtual image OVA package:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>For Oracle VirtualBox, select <uicontrol>File > Import Appliance</uicontrol></choice>
<choice>For VMware Workstation and VMware Player, select <uicontrol>File > Open</uicontrol></choice>
<choice>For VMware Fusion, select <uicontrol>File > Import</uicontrol></choice>
</choices>
<info>
<note>After you import the OVA for VMware Workstation, the default setting for the network port is <codeph>Bridged</codeph>. This setting means that the appliance looks like a real machine on the network. If you leave the setting as <codeph>Bridged</codeph>, you must ensure that the network that you are connected to allows one physical machine to have two allocated IP addresses. </note>
</info>
</step>
<step importance="optional"><cmd>Change the memory allocation for
the OVA package:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>For Oracle VirtualBox, select the virtual image and click <uicontrol>Settings</uicontrol>.
Then, select <uicontrol>System</uicontrol> entry, and adjust the <uicontrol>Base
Memory</uicontrol> value on the <uicontrol>Motherboard</uicontrol> tab.</choice>
<choice>For VMware Workstation and VMware Player, select the virtual
image and click <uicontrol>Edit virtual machine settings</uicontrol>.
 Then, select <uicontrol>Memory</uicontrol> and adjust the memory
allocation.</choice>
<choice>For VMware Fusion, select the virtual image and click Settings.
Then, select <uicontrol>Processors &amp; Memory</uicontrol>, and adjust
the memory allocation.</choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step><cmd>Start the virtual image and wait for it to load</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>At the login prompt, enter the default user ID, <codeph>admin</codeph></cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>At the password prompt, enter the default password, <codeph>admin</codeph></cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Complete the Setup wizard:</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Select which interface to configure. To accept the default, <codeph>eth0</codeph>,
press enter.</cmd><info></info></substep>
<substep><cmd>Choose whether to use DHCP. You must enter <codeph>yes</codeph> or <codeph>no</codeph>.
Abbreviations are not accepted.</cmd><info><p>If you choose to use
DHCP you must be connected to your network. If you select DHCP in
a VMware ESXi, SoftLayer Virtual Server, or SoftLayer Bare Metal Server
virtual environment, skip to step <xref format="dita"
href="va_installing.dita#va_installing/ESXpostDHCP" scope="local"
type="substep"></xref>. If you select DHCP in other virtual environments,
skip to step <xref format="dita"
href="va_installing.dita#va_installing/postDHCP" scope="local"
type="step"></xref>.</p></info></substep>
<substep><cmd>Enter the IP address for the interface in classless
inter-domain routing (CIDR) format.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Enter the gateway for the interface. In VMware ESXi,
SoftLayer Virtual Server, or SoftLayer Bare Metal Server virtual environments,
continue to step <xref format="dita"
href="va_installing.dita#va_installing/ESXpostDHCP" scope="local"
type="substep"></xref>. In other virtual environments, skip to step<xref
format="dita" href="va_installing.dita#va_installing/postDHCP"
scope="local" type="step"></xref>.</cmd></substep><?Pub Caret 197?>
<substep id="ESXpostDHCP">
<cmd>Specify the licensed usage for <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"
/>.</cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<stepsection><note><ul>
<li>Do not configure more than one default gateway. If you need to
configure more than one gateway, you can use the <cmdname>static-route</cmdname> command.</li>
<li>If you make a mistake, type the following command at a command
prompt and make the necessary corrections: <codeph>edit ethernet-interface
eth0</codeph>.</li>
<li>For more information about editing Ethernet interfaces, see <xref
format="dita" href="../Administering/ad00215_.dita" scope="local"
type="task"></xref>.</li>
</ul></note></stepsection>
<step id="postDHCP">
<cmd>Open a supported browser and connect to the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
/> by entering the IP address that is displayed on screen. For example, <codeph>https://<varname>IPAddressOfMessageGatewayVirtualEdition</varname>:9087</codeph></cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>At the login prompt, enter the default user ID (<codeph>admin</codeph>)
and the default password (<codeph>admin</codeph>), and click <uicontrol>Log
in</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
<step>
<cmd><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"
/> can be used for development, non-production, or production environments. Select which license you need and accept the appropriate license agreement. </cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Follow the steps on the <wintitle>First Steps</wintitle> page
to complete the setup.</cmd><info><note>To start messaging, you must
either create a new endpoint, or enable the endpoints that are defined
in the DemoHub message hub. You can configure endpoints by using the
command line or by using the Web UI. For more information about configuring
endpoints, see <xref format="dita" href="../Administering/ad00360_.dita"
scope="local"></xref>.</note></info></step>
</steps>
<postreq><ul>
<li>You must set the correct timezone, date, and time:<ul>
<li>For VMware software, you can set the timezone, date, and time by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
/>, or by using the <cmdname>timezone set</cmdname> and <cmdname>datetime set</cmdname> commands on the command line. For more information about configuring these settings, see <xref
format="dita" href="../Administering/ad00250_.dita" scope="local" type="concept"/>.</li>
<li>For Oracle VirtualBox, ensure that the <uicontrol>Hardware clock
in UTC</uicontrol> option is enabled.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>You can scale <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"
/>. For more information, see <xref format="dita" href="va_scaling.dita" scope="local"
type="concept"/>. </li>
<li>You can verify that the installation was successful by completing
the installation verification procedure. For more information, see <xref
format="dita" href="qs00002_.dita" scope="local" type="task"></xref>.</li>
</ul><p></p><p></p> </postreq>
</taskbody>
<?tm 1413223987 8?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000007633?>
