<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="va_scaling" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Scaling <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"/></title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. Use Edit > Un Comment to have the tags made live.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>To scale <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"
/>, review the following guidelines and plan your solution accordingly. </shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<conbody>
<section><title>Virtual Edition deployment guidelines</title><p>As
a system administrator, you can modify the following settings: <ul>
<li>The number of CPUs.</li>
<li>The amount of memory<note>On Amazon EC2, you can change the number of CPUs and the amount of memory by changing the instance type.</note></li>
<li>The amount of disk space on the store disk (Hard Disk 2). <ul>
<li>The store disk must be at least four times the size of VM memory. For example, on a Virtual Edition with 32 GB of memory the store disk must be at least 128 GB. If the amount of memory is a fractional value, you must round the value up to the next integer before multiplying by 4. For example, if the amount of memory is 7.5 GB, then 32 GB of disk space is required. </li>
<li>The default size of the store disk for the OVA package is 64 GB. You must not decrease the size of the store disk.</li>
</ul></li>
</ul></p><p>When you scale <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"/>, be aware of the following restrictions:<ul>
<li>On a stand-alone hypervisor, you must not add or remove any virtual devices to or from <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"/>. </li>
<li>On a stand-alone hypervisor, you must not power off <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"
/> during a disk resize operation. This action can result in corruption of the store disk (Hard Disk 2). </li>
<li>On a SoftLayer virtual server instance, if the size of the second disk is changed, the virtual server is automatically restarted, and the store deletes all persistent data. </li>
<li>On an Amazon EC2 instance, you must stop the Amazon instance and replace the second volume if you want to change the size of the second disk. When the instance is restarted with the new volume, it does not contain any of the previously stored persistent data. </li>
<li>Allocating more RAM to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"
/> means that less RAM is available for the rest of the operating system. </li>
<li>The maximum number of concurrently connected devices per GB of memory that is allocated to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"/> is 4 K.</li>
</ul></p><p>For more information about editing settings in VMware,
see <xref
href="http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-50/topic/com.vmware.vsphere.vm_admin.doc_50/GUID-4AB8C63C-61EA-4202-8158-D9903E04A0ED.html"
scope="external">Configuring virtual machines</xref> in the VMware
documentation center. For more information about editing settings
in Oracle VirtualBox, see <xref
href="https://www.virtualbox.org/manual/ch01.html#configbasics"
scope="external">Virtual machine configuration</xref> in the Oracle
VirtualBox documentation.</p></section>
<section><title>Minimum Virtual Edition configuration settings</title><p>If you are using <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"
/> in a development environment, you must have a minimum of 4 GB of memory and 2 CPUs. For Amazon EC2, you must use an m3.large instance type.</p><p>If you are using <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"
/> in a production environment, you must have a minimum of 16 GB of memory and 4 CPUs. For Amazon EC2, you must use an instance type of m3.xlarge for a minimum configuration.</p><p>For more information about system requirements, see <xref format="dita" href="va_installing.dita"
scope="local" type="task">Installing <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"
/></xref>.</p></section>
</conbody>
<?tm 1413278312 10?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000004026?>
