<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="PDFcmd_imaserver_show_plugin" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> show
Plugin</title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>imaserver show Plugin</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>show Plugin</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Shows the configuration file contents
of <ph conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> protocol
plug-ins.</section>
<section><title>Syntax</title><ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>show
Plugin "Name=</cmdname> <varname>pluginname</varname><cmdname>"</cmdname></section>
<section><title>Parameters</title><dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>pluginname</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the protocol plug-in of which you want to
view the configuration file contents.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
<section><title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title><?Pub
Caret 7?><ul>
<li>The command must be capitalized as shown.</li>
<li>The command must use the double quotation marks as shown.</li>
<li>Use the <cmdname>imaserver list Plugin</cmdname> command to view
all protocol plug-ins on <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.</li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Related Commands</title><ul>
<li><xref format="dita" href="PDFcmd_imaserver_list_plugin.dita"
scope="local" type="reference"></xref></li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Example</title><p>Show the contents of the <filepath>plugin.json</filepath> configuration
file.</p><codeblock><ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> imaserver show Plugin "Name=json_msg"
/*
 * Copyright (c) 2014-2021 Contributors to the Eclipse Foundation
 * See the NOTICE file(s) distributed with this work for additional
 * information regarding copyright ownership.
 * This program and the accompanying materials are made available under the
 * terms of the Eclipse Public License 2.0 which is available at
 * http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-2.0
 *
 * SPDX-License-Identifier: EPL-2.0
 *
 * This file defined the Amlen plug-in for the json_msg sample protocol
*/
{
/*
* The name of the plug-in. This must be unique among all installed plug-ins. The name is limited
* to 64 characters and must be a valid Java name. It can start with any alphabetic character,
* currency symbol, or underscore, and continue with any such character or a digit.
*/
"Name": "json_msg",

/*
* The protocol family against which to authorize. Each plug-in represents a single protocol family,
* but the same protocol family may be used by several plug-ins. The plug-in can also use one of the
* system protocol families. All policy checking for protocol is done based on this protocol.
* The name must be limited to 64 characters and must contain only ASCII-7 characters not including
* control characters (0x00 to 0x1F and x07F), space, or the separator characters '()&lt;>[]{},;:\/?=".
*/
"Protocol": "json_msg",

/*
* A set of jar files containing the Java classes needed for the plug-in as a JSON array of strings.
* This must not include the path, and these jar files should be in the root directory of the zip file
* used to define the plug-in. These jar files are used only by this plug-in using a separate directory
* and class loader for each plug-in. The file must exist in the zip file used for install.
*/
"Classpath": [ "jsonprotocol.jar" ],

/*
* The name of the initial class to load for a plug-in. This must be an instance of ImaPluginListener.
* This must be a valid Java package name and class name separated by dots.
*/
"Class": "com.ibm.ima.samples.plugin.jsonmsg.JMPlugin",

/*
* An array of WebSockets sub-protocols supported by this plug-in. These are checked in a case independent
* manor. These should be unique among the installed plug-in set. If this property is missing or the array
* is empty, then no WebSockets protocol will connect to this plug-in. The name must be limited to 64 characters
* and must contain only ASCII-7 characters not including control characters (0x00 to 0x1F and x07F),
* space, or the separator characters '()&lt;>[]{},;:\/?=".
*/
"WebSocket": [ "json-msg" ],

/*
* A set of initial bytes which can be specified as an array of strings of length 1 byte or as integers
* of the value 0-255. A single entry with the value "ALL" indicates that any initial byte will be selected.
* If this is not specified or the array is empty, then TCP connections will not be accepted.
*/
"InitialByte": [ "{" ], /* The json_msg always starts with a JSON object */

/*
* Define the capabilities of the plug-in
*/
"UseQueue": false, /* This plug-in does not implement queues */
"UseTopic": true, /* This plug-in implemetns topics */

}

{
/*
* A set of properties which are sent to the plug-in as configuration.
* The names and types of the properties are not known to the IBM MessageSight server
*/
"Properties": {
"Debug": false
}
}<ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></codeblock></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1415012763 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000005322?>
