<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="PDFdevplug-invirtual" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Debugging a protocol plug-in by running the plug-in server
and the plug-in on the virtual appliance</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>You can debug your protocol plug-in by running the plug-in
server and your plug-in on your <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> virtual
appliance.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq><p>Download and extract the contents of the SDK bundle. Then,
follow the instructions in <filepath>ImaToolsPreview/ImaPlugin/README.txt</filepath> to
import the sample plug-in projects that are provided with the SDK
bundle.</p></prereq>
<context><p>After the first phase of development is finished, you
must test your production protocol plug-in by installing it and running
it on your <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> virtual
appliance. If you encounter unexpected problems while you run in that
environment, you can use the second debugging approach to connect
to the plug-in server that runs on the virtual appliance. When you
debug during this phase, you must create a new plug-in zip file and
reinstall it on the <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> virtual
appliance each time that you make updates to your plug-in classes.</p><p>For
more information about how to debug your protocol plug-in in the first
phase of development, see <xref href="PDFdevplug-ineclipse.dita"></xref>.</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Deploy the plug-in on the <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> virtual
appliance and configure the appliance to enable remote debugging from
Eclipse:</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Create a standard zip archive file with the <codeph>plugin.json</codeph> descriptor
file and the JAR files that implement the plug-in. For more information,
see <xref href="PDFdevplug-in.dita"></xref>.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Install the plug-in zip file on your <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> virtual
appliance. For more information, see <xref href="PDFdv00010.dita"></xref>.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Ensure that the <codeph>PluginDebugServer</codeph> property
is not set by entering the following command:</cmd><info> <p><codeph>imaserver
set "PluginDebugServer="</codeph></p> </info></substep>
<substep><cmd>Set the <codeph>PluginRemoteDebugPort</codeph> property
to the port that Eclipse is using for remote debugging by entering
the following command on the <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> command
line:</cmd><info><p><codeph>imaserver set "PluginRemoteDebugPort=8000"</codeph></p><note>The
value that is specified for the <codeph>PluginRemoteDebugPort</codeph> must
match the port value that is specified for the Eclipse remote debugger
configuration in Step 2e.</note> <note type="tip">You can check the
value of the <codeph>PluginRemoteDebugPort</codeph> property by using
the <cmdname>imaserver get PluginRemoteDebugPort</cmdname> command.</note></info>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Stop and restart the server by entering the following
commands:</cmd><info><p><codeph>imaserver stop</codeph></p><p><codeph>imaserver
start</codeph></p></info></substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step><cmd>Start the Eclipse remote <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> debugger
for the plug-in server that runs on the <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> virtual
appliance.</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>In Eclipse, from the <uicontrol>Run</uicontrol> menu,
select <uicontrol>Debug Configurations...</uicontrol></cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Right-click <uicontrol>Remote Java Application</uicontrol> and
select <uicontrol>New</uicontrol></cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Name</uicontrol> field, enter <codeph>ImaPluginOnMessageSight</codeph></cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Host</uicontrol> field, enter the
IP address of the virtual appliance</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Port</uicontrol> field, enter <codeph>8000</codeph></cmd>
<info><note>This port value must match the <codeph>PluginRemoteDebugPort</codeph> that
was set for the <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> virtual
appliance in step 1d.</note></info></substep>
<substep><cmd>Select the <uicontrol>Source</uicontrol> tab and click <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol></cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Java Project</uicontrol> and click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol></cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Select the project where the plug-in that you want to
debug is and click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol></cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Apply</uicontrol></cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Debug</uicontrol></cmd></substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step><cmd>Set breakpoints in your plug-in source code and debug it
by using the client applications for the protocol that is implemented
in your plug-in.</cmd></step>
<step importance="optional"><cmd>If you stop the <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server
after you start debugging, or if you stop the remote <tm tmtype="tm"
trademark="Java">Java</tm> debugger, you must restart both processes:</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>On the <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> appliance,
stop and restart the server by entering the following commands:</cmd>
<info><p><codeph>imaserver stop</codeph></p><p><codeph>imaserver start</codeph></p></info>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>In Eclipse, from the <uicontrol>Run</uicontrol> menu,
select<uicontrol> Debug Configurations..</uicontrol></cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Find <uicontrol>Remote Java Application</uicontrol> and
select <codeph>ImaPlugInOnMessageSight</codeph>. Then, click <uicontrol>Debug</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
</steps>
<postreq><ul>
<li>When you complete this phase of debugging, reset the <codeph>PluginRemoteDebugPort</codeph> parameter
on the <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> virtual
appliance. Enter the following command:<p><codeph>imaserver set "PluginRemoteDebugPort="</codeph></p></li>
</ul></postreq>
</taskbody>
<?tm 1415012762 2?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000006551?>
