<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="PDFdv00003" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Updating a protocol plug-in by using the command line</title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>Update an installed protocol plug-in by using the <cmdname>imaserver
update Plugin</cmdname> command on the command line. </shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq>To update a protocol plug-in, it must previously have been
deployed in <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.
 The plug-in must be archived in a zip file.  This zip file must contain
the JAR file (or files) that implement the plug-in for the target
protocol. The zip file must also contain a JSON descriptor file that
describes the plug-in content. This descriptor file is required in
the zip archive that is used to deploy a protocol plug-in. For more
information about developing a protocol plug-in, see <xref format="dita"
href="PDFdevplug-in.dita" scope="local" type="task"></xref>.</prereq>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Update the plug-in by entering the following command:</cmd>
<info><p><codeph>imaserver update Plugin "File=<varname>zipfilename</varname>" </codeph></p><p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>zipfilename</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the protocol plug-in file that you want
to update. This is the name of the file that you previously uploaded
by using the <cmdname>file get</cmdname> command.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></p></info></step>
<step><cmd>Stop and restart the <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> plug-in
server process by using the following commands: </cmd><info><p><codeph>imaserver
stop plugin </codeph></p><p><codeph>imaserver start plugin </codeph></p><p>The
update of the plug-in takes effect only when the <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> plug-in
server process is restarted. The plug-in can be updated at any time,
but the update is not effective until the <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> plug-in
server process is restarted.</p></info></step>
<step><cmd>Update the configuration of your endpoint, connection policy,
and messaging policy to authorize the new protocol if necessary. For
more information about configuring endpoints, connection policies,
and messaging policies, see <xref format="dita"
href="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/Administering/ad00360_.dita" scope="local"
type="concept">Configuring message hubs</xref> in the <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> documentation
in <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Knowledge Center.</cmd>
</step>
</steps>
<example>The following example shows the steps to update a protocol
plug-in file that is called <codeph>jsonmsg</codeph>.<codeblock><ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> imaserver update Plugin "File=jsonmsg.zip"
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
The plug-in server must be restarted.
<ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> imaserver stop plugin
The plug-in server is stopped.
<ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> imaserver start plugin
The plug-in server is started. 
jms
jsonmsg
</codeblock></example>
</taskbody>
<?tm 1415012762 1?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003566?>
