<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="PDFdv00001" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Installing a protocol plug-in by using the command line</title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>Import and install a new or updated protocol plug-in by
using the <cmdname>file get</cmdname>, <cmdname>imaserver create Plugin</cmdname>,
and <cmdname>imaserver update Plugin</cmdname> commands on the command
line. </shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq>To run a protocol plug-in, you must deploy the plug-in in <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.
 The plug-in must be archived in a zip file.  This zip file must contain
the JAR file (or files) that implement the plug-in for the target
protocol. The zip file must also contain a JSON descriptor file that
describes the plug-in content. This descriptor file is required in
the zip archive that is used to deploy a protocol plug-in. For more
information about developing a protocol plug-in, see <xref format="dita"
href="PDFdevplug-in.dita" scope="local" type="task"></xref>.</prereq>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Import the plug-in zip file to <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> by
entering the following command:</cmd><info><p><codeblock scale="80">file get <varname>zipfileURL</varname> <varname>localFile</varname></codeblock></p><p>where</p><p><ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>zipfileURL</dt>
<dd>Specifies the location of the plug-in file in the following format: <codeph>scp://username@hostname:/filepath</codeph></dd>
<dd>For example, <codeph>scp://user@192.0.2.32:/tmp/jsonmsg.zip</codeph></dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>localFile</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name to use for the file when it is uploaded to <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.</dd>
<dd> The name cannot include any path elements. </dd>
<dd> You can use a period (.) to specify that the name of the uploaded
file matches the name of the file on the remote server. </dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
</ul></p></info></step>
<step importance="optional"><cmd>Verify that the file is correctly
loaded on the appliance by entering the following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>file
list</codeph></p><p>The file is displayed in the resulting list.</p></info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Create the plug-in by entering the following command:</cmd>
<info><p><codeph>imaserver create Plugin "File=<varname>zipfilename</varname>"
"PropertiesFile=<varname>propertiesfilename</varname>"</codeph></p><p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>zipfilename</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the protocol plug-in file that you want
to install. This is the name of the file that you uploaded by using
the <cmdname>file get</cmdname> command.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>propertiesfilename</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the protocol plug-in properties file name that you want
to associate with the plug-in. You can develop a properties file in
JSON format and the properties that it contains override any properties
in the plug-in configuration file.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></p></info></step>
<step><cmd>Stop and restart the <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> plug-in
server process by using the following commands: </cmd><info><p><codeph>imaserver
stop plugin </codeph></p><p><codeph>imaserver start plugin </codeph></p><p>The
installation of the plug-in takes effect only when the <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> plug-in
server process is restarted. The plug-in can be updated at any time,
but the update is not effective until the <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> plug-in
server process is restarted.</p></info></step>
<step><cmd>Verify that the plug-in is successfully deployed by entering
the following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>imaserver list Plugin</codeph></p><p>The
plug-in is displayed in the resulting list. This value is specified
by the <parmname>Name</parmname> property in the descriptor file.</p></info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Verify that the new protocol is successfully registered
by entering the following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>imaserver
list Protocol</codeph></p><p>The protocol is displayed in the resulting
list. This value is specified by the <parmname>Protocol</parmname> property
in the descriptor file.</p></info></step>
<step><cmd>Update the configuration of your endpoint, connection policy,
and messaging policy to authorize the new protocol. For more information
about configuring endpoints, connection policies, and messaging policies,
see <xref format="dita"
href="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/Administering/ad00360_.dita" scope="local"
type="concept">Configuring message hubs</xref> in the <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> documentation
in <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Knowledge Center.</cmd>
</step>
</steps>
<example>The following example shows the steps to import and create
a protocol plug-in file that is called <codeph>jsonmsg</codeph>. This
plug-in is contained in a zip archive called <codeph>jsonmsg.zip</codeph>.<codeblock><ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph>  file get scp://user@192.0.2.32:/tmp/jsonmsg.zip jsonmsg.zip
jsonmsg.zip  100%   10KB  10.0KB/s 00:00
Wrote 10272 bytes to local storage 
<ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph>  file list
jsonmsg.zip 10272 bytes created May 28, 2014 8:14:39 PM 
<ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> imaserver create Plugin "File=jsonmsg.zip"
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
The plug-in server must be restarted.
<ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> imaserver stop plugin
The plug-in server is stopped.
<ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> imaserver start plugin
The plug-in server is started. 
<ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> imaserver list Plugin
jsonmsg
<ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> imaserver list Protocol
mqtt
jms
jsonmsg
</codeblock></example>
</taskbody>
<?tm 1415012762 1?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000006570?>
