<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="PDFdv00002" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Deleting a protocol plug-in by using the command line</title>
<shortdesc>Delete a protocol plug-in by using the <cmdname>imaserver
delete Plugin</cmdname> command on the command line. </shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<steps>
<step importance="optional"><cmd importance="optional">Find the name
of the plug-in you want to delete. To delete a protocol plug-in, you
must specify the name of the plug-in. This value is specified by the <parmname>Name</parmname> property
in the descriptor file. You can find this value by entering the following
command: </cmd><info> <p><codeph>imaserver list Plugin</codeph></p> </info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Delete the protocol plug-in by entering the following command:</cmd>
<info><p><codeph>imaserver delete Plugin "Name=<varname>plugin_name</varname>" </codeph></p><p>Where <dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>plugin_name</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the plug-in that you want to delete.</dd>
<dd>The value of <varname>plugin_name</varname> is specified by the <parmname>Name</parmname> property
in the descriptor file. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></p></info></step>
<step><cmd>Restart the <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> plug-in
server by using the following commands: </cmd><info><p><codeph>imaserver
stop plugin</codeph></p><p><codeph>imaserver start plugin</codeph></p></info>
</step>
</steps>
<example><p>The following example shows the steps to delete a protocol
plug-in file that is called <codeph>jsonmsg</codeph>.<codeblock><ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> imaserver delete Plugin "Name=jsonmsg"
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
The plug-in server must be restarted.
<ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> imaserver stop plugin
The plug-in server is stopped.
<ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> imaserver start plugin
The plug-in server is started. 
<ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></codeblock><?Pub
Caret 257?></p></example>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002410?>
