<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="funfwroba" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>firmware rollback</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>firmware rollback</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>firmware rollback</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Revert the firmware level to the previous
level of firmware that is installed on the appliance.</section>
<section><title>Syntax</title><cmdname>firmware rollback</cmdname></section>
<section><title>Parameters</title>None.</section>
<section><title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title><ul>
<li>The appliance holds at most two levels of firmware, the active
one and the alternate. Successive invocations of the <cmdname>firmware
rollback</cmdname> command result in switching back and forth between
the two images.</li>
<li>This command preserves the configuration and store data.</li>
<li>This command rolls back the component firmware. Because each component
can have only one copy of component firmware, the component firmware
from the version that is rolled back is reinstalled to the component.</li>
<li>The firmware rollback command can fail if the earlier version
of the firmware is not compatible with the later version. That is,
if the later firmware version introduced changes to components that
cannot be rolled back, the rollback fails.</li>
<li>The appliance is rebooted as part of this operation, so network
connectivity is disrupted while the appliance restarts.</li>
<li>After a firmware rollback, clear your browser cache to ensure
the latest Web UI pages are used.</li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Related Commands</title>See <xref format="dita"
href="fun_fwupg.dita" scope="local" type="reference"></xref>, <xref
format="dita" href="fun_fwpi.dita" scope="local" type="reference"></xref>,
and <xref format="dita" href="../BackupCmd/fun_dereset.dita"
scope="local" type="reference"></xref>. </section>
<section><title>Example</title>Revert the appliance to the previous
version of firmware that is installed.<codeblock><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> firmware rollback
Rolling back firmware...
Upgrade or rollback succeeded. Rebooting...</codeblock></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224035 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000002544?>
