<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="funfwpi" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>firmware pristine-install</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>firmware pristine-install</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>firmware pristine-install</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Install firmware and restore the appliance
to a near-factory-fresh state.<note type="warning">Do NOT use this
command unless directed to by <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Support.<ul>
<li>To restore the appliance to its original state, use the <xref
format="dita" href="../BackupCmd/fun_dereset.dita" scope="local"
type="reference"><cmdname>device RESET</cmdname></xref> command.</li>
<li>To install new firmware, use the <xref format="dita"
href="fun_fwupg.dita" scope="local" type="reference"><cmdname>firmware
upgrade</cmdname></xref> command.</li>
</ul></note></section>
<section><title>Syntax</title><cmdname>firmware pristine-install</cmdname> <varname>image</varname></section>
<section><title>Parameters</title><dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>image</varname></dt>
<dd>Firmware image to be installed, in the form of an scrypt2 file</dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
<section><title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title><ul>
<li>The <cmdname>pristine-install</cmdname> command installs the new
firmware image without copying over configuration or data files that
are copied over on a typical firmware upgrade.</li>
<li>The <cmdname>pristine-install</cmdname> command can be used to
install an older version of firmware on the appliance.</li>
<li>The <cmdname>pristine-install</cmdname> command can also be used
to attempt recovery in error situations where less disruptive methods
do not succeed.</li>
<li>The appliance is rebooted as part of this operation, so network
connectivity is disrupted while the appliance restarts.</li>
<li><!--defect 19049-->After a pristine-install, clear your browser
cache to ensure that the latest web UI pages are used.</li>
<li>This command is not available in  SoftLayer virtual server or Amazon EC2 environments. </li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Related Commands</title>See <xref format="dita"
href="fun_fwupg.dita" scope="local" type="reference"></xref>, <xref
format="dita" href="fun_fwroba.dita" scope="local" type="reference"></xref>,
and <xref format="dita" href="../BackupCmd/fun_dereset.dita"
scope="local" type="reference"></xref>.</section>
<section><title>Example</title>Revert the firmware to an older firmware
level.<codeblock><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> firmware pristine-install oldfirmware.scrypt2
Upgrading firmware...
CWZBR00061I: Verifying image signature and decrypting content...
CWZBR00065I: Extracting firmware from image...
CWZBR00062I: Executing dynamic loader...
CWZBR00061I: Verifying image signature and decrypting content...
CWZBR00064I: Validating image type...
CWZBR00065I: Extracting firmware from image...
CWZBR00066I: Extracting firmware manifest and checking licenses...
CWZBR00067I: Executing pre-installation...
CWZBR00068I: Deleting previous installation...
CWZBR00069I: Linking common files...
CWZBR00070I: Extracting files...
CWZBR00071I: Verifying installation...
CWZBR00072I: Copying configuration from existing installation...
CWZBR00075I: Starting component firmware upgrade. This may take a considerable amount of time 
(in some cases more than 2 hours). *** DO NOT POWER OFF OR REBOOT.***...
CWZBR00073I: Switching to new installation...
Upgrade or rollback succeeded. Rebooting...</codeblock></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224035 2?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000003874?>
