<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="funfwupg" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>firmware upgrade</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>firmware upgrade</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>firmware upgrade</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Install new level of firmware on the
appliance.</section>
<section><title>Syntax</title><cmdname>firmware upgrade</cmdname> <varname>upgrade_filename</varname></section>
<section><title>Parameters</title><dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>upgrade_filename</varname></dt>
<dd>Firmware image to be installed, in the form of an scrypt2 file. In SoftLayer virtual server and Amazon EC2 environments, the file extension is <codeph>.slscrypt2</codeph></dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
<section><title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title><ul>
<li>The appliance is rebooted as part of this operation, so network
connectivity is disrupted while the appliance restarts.</li>
<li><!--defect 19049-->After a firmware upgrade, clear your browser
cache to ensure that the latest <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> pages are
used. If your browser was open during the upgrade, you must restart
the browser to ensure that the <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> can connect
to the appliance.</li>
<li>After a firmware upgrade from version 1.1, ensure that you change
your administrator password.</li>
<li>For more information about migration considerations, see <xref
format="dita" href="../../Planning/pl00001_.dita" scope="local"
type="concept"></xref>.</li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Related Commands</title>See <xref format="dita"
href="fun_fwpi.dita" scope="local" type="reference"></xref>, <xref
format="dita" href="fun_fwroba.dita#funfwroba" scope="local"
type="reference"></xref>, and <xref format="dita"
href="../BackupCmd/fun_dereset.dita" scope="local" type="reference"></xref>. </section>
<section><title>Example</title>Install a new level of firmware on
the appliance.<codeblock><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> firmware upgrade myfirmware.scrypt2
Upgrading firmware...
CWZBR00061I: Verifying image signature and decrypting content...
CWZBR00065I: Extracting firmware from image...
CWZBR00062I: Executing dynamic loader...
CWZBR00061I: Verifying image signature and decrypting content...
CWZBR00064I: Validating image type...
CWZBR00065I: Extracting firmware from image...
CWZBR00066I: Extracting firmware manifest and checking licenses...
CWZBR00067I: Executing pre-installation...
CWZBR00068I: Deleting previous installation...
CWZBR00069I: Linking common files...
CWZBR00070I: Extracting files...
CWZBR00071I: Verifying installation...
CWZBR00072I: Copying configuration from existing installation...
CWZBR00075I: Starting component firmware upgrade. This may take a considerable amount of time 
(in some cases more than 2 hours). *** DO NOT POWER OFF OR REBOOT.***...
CWZBR00073I: Switching to new installation...
Upgrade or rollback succeeded. Rebooting...</codeblock></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224035 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000003282?>
