<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00374_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring an LDAP connection by using <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"></ph></title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can configure an LDAP connection
by using <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"></ph>. </shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq>If you want to use a secure LDAP connection, you must upload
a certificate to use with the connection. For more information about
importing a certificate for an LDAP connection, see <xref
href="ad00378_.dita"></xref>.</prereq>
<context>You can configure an LDAP connection by using <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"></ph>, or by using
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>. For
more information about using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> to configure
an LDAP connection, see <xref href="ad00372_.dita"></xref>.<p>For
more information about the parameters that you must specify to configure
an LDAP connection, see <xref href="ad00370_.dita"></xref>.</p><p>If
you want to secure an LDAP connection, you must import an LDAP certificate.
For more information about importing an LDAP certificate, see <xref
href="ad00378_.dita"></xref>.</p></context>
<steps>
<step>
<cmd>To configure an LDAP connection, use the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> REST API POST method. </cmd>
<substeps>
<substep>
<cmd>Use the following <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> configuration URI:</cmd>
<info>
<p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/</codeph></p>
</info>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Provide LDAP object configuration data in the payload of the POST method by using the following schema. <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to <userinput>application/json</userinput>. Ensure that capitalization and double quotation marks are used as shown. </cmd>
<info>
<codeblock>
{    
  "LDAP": {
    "URL": "string",
    "Certificate": "string",
    "IgnoreCase": true|false,
    "BaseDN": "string",
    "BindDN": "string",
    "BindPassword":  "string",
    "UserSuffix": "string",
    "GroupSuffix": "string",
    "GroupCacheTimeout": integer,
    "UserIdMap": "string",
    "GroupIdMap": "string",
    "GroupMemberIdMap": "string",
    "Timeout": integer,
    "EnableCache": true|false,
    "CacheTimeout": integer,
    "MaxConnections": integer,
    "NestedGroupSearch": true|false,
    "Enabled": true|false,
    "Verify": true|false,
    "Overwrite": true|false 
   }
}</codeblock>
<p>Where:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>URL</dt>
<dd>Required if you are configuring an LDAP connection.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the URL of the LDAP server.</dd>
<dd>The URL must be of the form:<codeph> ldap://<varname>ipAddress</varname>:<varname>portNumber</varname></codeph> or <codeph>ldaps://<varname>ipAddress</varname>:<varname>portNumber</varname></codeph> </dd>
<dd>If you use <codeph>ldaps://</codeph>, you must upload an LDAP certificate before you configure the LDAP connection.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Certificate</dt>
<dd>Specifies the certificate to use if the LDAP URL uses SSL or TLS. This is the name of a
certificate in the truststore.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>CheckServerCert</dt>
<dd>Available in version 5.0.0.2 and later releases.  Possible options are as follows:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>TrustStore</dt>
<dd>When connecting to the LDAP server, the certificate that is presented by the server is checked
using the certificate that is uploaded to the product trust store.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>PublicTrust</dt>
<dd>The certificate that is presented by the LDAP server is checked against the public certificates
that are installed as part of the operating system.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>DisableVerify</dt>
<dd>No certificate verification is performed when connecting to the LDAP server. This is an insecure
option that is designed for testing purposes only.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl></dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>IgnoreCase: true|false</dt>
<dd>Specifies whether case is ignored (true) or not ignored (false).</dd>
<dd>The default value is true.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>BaseDN</dt>
<dd>Required if you are creating an LDAP connection.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the base distinguished name of the directory service.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>BindDN</dt>
<dd>Specifies the distinguished name to use when you bind to LDAP.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>BindPassword</dt>
<dd>Specifies the password to use when you bind to LDAP.</dd>
<dd>The value of this parameter is not returned on the REST API GET method.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>UserSuffix</dt>
<dd>Specifies the distinguished name that is the suffix of the user distinguished name.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>GroupSuffix</dt>
<dd>Specifies distinguished name that is the suffix of the group distinguished name.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>GroupCacheTimeout</dt>
<dd>Specifies the group cache time to live, in seconds.</dd>
<dd>This value must be in the range 1-86400.</dd>
<dd>The default value is 300.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>UserIdMap</dt>
<dd>Specifies the LDAP filter that maps the short name of a user to an LDAP entry.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>GroupIdMap</dt>
<dd>Specifies the LDAP filter that maps the short name of a group to an LDAP entry.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>GroupMemberIdMap</dt>
<dd>Specifies LDAP filter that identifies user-to-group relationships.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Timeout</dt>
<dd>Specifies the timeout for LDAP calls, in seconds.</dd>
<dd>This value must be in the range 1-60.</dd>
<dd>The default value is 10.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>EnableCache: true|false</dt>
<dd>Specifies whether the authentication result is cached (true) or not cached (false).</dd>
<dd>The default value is true.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>CacheTimeout</dt>
<dd>Specifies the cache time to live, in seconds.</dd>
<dd>This value must be in the range 1-60.</dd>
<dd>The default value is 10.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>MaxConnections</dt>
<dd>Specifies the maximum number of concurrent connections that can be made to the LDAP server.</dd>
<dd>This value must be in the range 1-100.</dd>
<dd>The default value is 10.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>NestedGroupSearch</dt>
<dd>Specifies whether to use nested group searching (true) to find the group membership of a user.</dd>
<dd>The default value is false which means that nested group searching is not used.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Enabled: true|false</dt>
<dd>Specifies whether the LDAP connection is enabled (true) or disabled (false).</dd>
<dd>The default value is true.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Verify: true|false</dt>
<dd>Specifies whether the LDAP connection is tested with the configuration change without committing the configuration change. </dd>
<dd>The default value is false which means that the configuration change is committed without first testing the LDAP connection.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Overwrite: true|false</dt>
<dd>Specifies whether an existing certificate is overwritten if the certificates have the same name.</dd>
<dd>The default value is false which means that an existing certificate is not overwritten if the certificates have the same name.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl></p>
</info>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step><cmd importance="optional">Test the LDAP connection by using
the same REST API POST method           that you used to configure
your LDAP connection, but ensure that             <parmname>Verify</parmname> is
set to <userinput>true</userinput>. </cmd>
<choices>
<choice>You can test the LDAP connection before you save your LDAP
configuration. You must             provide information that is required
to establish a connection. If you are using TLS,             you must
ensure that the certificate is uploaded before you include the certificate
name             in the test connection request.</choice>
<choice>You can test the LDAP connection to ensure that a configured
LDAP object is             configured correctly. You must ensure that <parmname>Verify</parmname> is
set to               <userinput>true</userinput>. </choice>
<choice>You can test changes that you made to a configured LDAP object
before you commit             the changes. You only need to include
the properties that you want to update. The server             uses
all of the previously set values except those values that are included
in the REST             request. To change a value, you must set <parmname>Verify</parmname> to
              <userinput>false</userinput>.</choice>
</choices>
</step><?Pub Caret -2?>
</steps>
<example>The following example shows the configuration of an LDAP
server connection by using cURL:<codeblock>
curl -X POST \
   -H 'Content-Type: application/json'  \
   -d  '{ 
         "LDAP": {
           "URL": "ldap://192.0.2.0:1000",
           "BaseDN": "ou=DEPT,o=COMPANY,c=COUNTRY",
           "BindDN": "cn=root",
           "BindPassword": "password",
           "UserSuffix": "ou=users,ou=DEPT,o=COMPANY,c=COUNTRY",
           "GroupSuffix": "ou=groups,ou=DEPT,o=COMPANY,c=COUNTRY",         
           "UserIdMap": "*:UID",
           "GroupIdMap": "*:cn",
           "GroupMemberIdMap": "member",
           "Enabled": true
       }
    }
 '  \
http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/configuration/</codeblock><p>An example
response to the POST method:<codeblock>
{        
  "Version": "v1",
  "Code": "CWLNA6011",
  "Message": "The requested configuration change has completed successfully."
}
</codeblock></p><p>The following example shows how to test that an
LDAP URL port can be successfully changed from ldap://192.0.2.0:1000
to ldap://192.0.2.0:1089 by using cURL but without committing the
change:<codeblock>
curl -X POST \
    -H 'Content-Type: application/json'  \
    -d  '{
           "LDAP": {
             "URL": "ldap://192.0.2.0:1089",
             "Verify":true
          }
       }
      '  \
http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/configuration/
</codeblock></p></example>
</taskbody>
<?tm 1413223996 1?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000009518?>
