<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00299_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Changing the log rotation settings</title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can change the log rotation settings
by using the <cmdname>imaserver update LogConfig</cmdname> command
on the command line. </shortdesc><?Pub Caret 128?>
<taskbody>
<context><p>You can change the log rotation settings for the following
log files: <ul>
<li><codeph><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph>-default.log</codeph></li>
<li><codeph><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph>-connection.log</codeph></li>
<li><codeph><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph>-security.log</codeph></li>
<li><codeph><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph>-admin.log</codeph></li>
<li><codeph><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph>-mqconnectivity.log</codeph></li>
</ul></p></context>
<steps-unordered>
<step><cmd>To change the log rotation settings for a specific log
file, enter the following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> update
LogConfig "Name=<varname>logName</varname>" "MaxLogSize=<varname>size</varname>"
"RotationCount=<varname>count</varname>"</codeph></p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>logName</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the log that you want to update the settings
for.</dd>
<dd>You can use the <cmdname>show log list</cmdname> to view a list
of log files that you can change the settings for. You cannot change
the <codeph>webui-message.log</codeph> file settings.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>size</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the maximum size for the log files, in MB.</dd>
<dd>This value must be in the range 1-25.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>count</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the number of log files that are archived before the
oldest file is deleted.</dd>
<dd>This value must be in the range 1-5.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></info></step>
</steps-unordered>
<example><p>The following example shows changing the maximum log file size of the <codeph><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"
/>-admin.log</codeph>:<screen><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"/> imaserver update LogConfig "Name=imaserver-admin.log" "MaxLogSize=15"
The rotation configuration for log file "imaserver-admin.log" has been updated successfully.
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"/></screen></p></example>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003433?>
