<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002--><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?><?Pub Inc?><concept id="ad00510_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring SNMP</title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can configure <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" />
    to use the Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" />, or by using <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs" />. </shortdesc>
<conbody>
  <p>You can set up SNMP support for <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> by using
   the Agent Extensibility Protocol (AgentX protocol). The AgentX protocol enables you to manage
   SNMP objects. Agents that export objects via AgentX to a master agent are called subagents.  <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> acts a subagent and handles requests from a
   master agent by using AgentX protocol. </p>
<p>Snmpd configuration files are used to enable the master agent and subagent <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" />  to communicate with one another. The snmpd    daemon must run on the same host as a master agent. You can configure snmpd manually outside of <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> on the host by using the <filepath>snmpd.conf</filepath> file. The port and
   protocol that you specify for the subagent to listen for snmp requests on must match the values
   in the <filepath>snmpd.conf</filepath> file. </p>
    <p>The protocol is always <userinput>tcp6</userinput> and must be used as part of the
        <option>agentXSocket</option> directive that is defined in <filepath>snmpd.conf</filepath>.
      The port can only be configured manually by commenting out the <option>SNMPPort</option>
      directive in <filepath>server.cfg </filepath> and setting it to the port number that you want
      to use. This is a static configuration and cannot be modified unless the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> server is stopped and restarted. The
      default value for the subagent port is <userinput>705</userinput>.</p>
  <p>If you want to use SNMP trap notifications, ensure that the <filepath>snmptrapd</filepath>
      daemon is running and is configured to listen to subagent trap notifications. You must use the
      same port and protocol that you defined for the subagent in <filepath>snmpd.conf</filepath>.
      The community and host are also specified in the <filepath>snmptrapd.conf</filepath> file on
      the host.</p>
<section><title>SNMP enabled state</title><p>You can query the status of SNMP to determine whether SNMP is running. When SNMP is enabled, it
    should also be running. Any problems or issues with the SNMP configuration might result in SNMP
    not being able to start. For more information about querying the status of SNMP, see <xref href="ad00513_.dita" />.</p>
   <p>For more information about configuring SNMP by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" />, see <xref href="ad00511_.dita" />.</p>
   <p>For more information about configuring SNMP by using <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs" />, see <xref href="ad00512_.dita" />.</p></section>
</conbody>
</concept><?Pub *0000005460?><?tm 1462276998036 1 IBM ?>
