<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="ad00310_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging
users and groups</title>
<shortdesc>You can configure <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging users
and groups either by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> or by using
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>user</cmdname>,
and <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>group</cmdname> commands
on the command line.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p><note>You can configure <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging users
and groups only if you are not using an external LDAP connection.</note></p>
<section><title><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging
users</title><p>When you create <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging users,
you must specify the following components:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>User ID</dt>
<dd>The name that identifies the messaging user.</dd>
<dd>The name cannot contain leading or trailing spaces. The name must be unique. The name is not
case sensitive.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Group Membership</dt>
<dd>The messaging group that the user belongs to, if any. This group
must exist before it can be associated with a user.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Password</dt>
<dd>The password for the user.</dd>
<dd>The password cannot contain leading or trailing spaces.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></p><p>For more information about configuring <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging users
by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>,
see <xref href="ad00311_.dita"></xref>.</p><p>For more information
about configuring <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging
users by using the command line, see <xref href="ad00312_.dita"></xref>.</p></section><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<section><title><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging
groups</title><p>When you create <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging groups,
you must specify the following components:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Group ID</dt>
<dd>The name that identifies the messaging group.</dd>
<dd>The name cannot contain leading or trailing spaces. The name is not case sensitive.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Group Membership</dt>
<dd>The group that the newly created group belongs to, if any. This
group must exist before it can be associated with another group.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></p><p>For more information about configuring <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging groups
by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>,
see <xref href="ad00311_.dita"></xref>.</p><p>For more information
about configuring<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging
groups by using the command line, see <xref href="ad00312_.dita"></xref>.</p></section>
</conbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00200_.dita"></link>
</related-links>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000003382?>
