<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="ad00710_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring certificate profiles</title>
<shortdesc>Certificate profiles define the server certificates that are used in security profiles to control Transport Layer Security. You can configure certificate profiles either by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> or by using <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>For more information about security profiles and certificate profiles,
see <xref format="dita" href="../Security/se00005_.dita" scope="local"></xref>.</p>
<p>When you create a certificate profile, you must specify the following
components:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Name</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name that identifies the certificate profile.</dd>
<dd>The name must not have leading or trailing spaces and cannot contain
control characters, commas, double quotation marks, backslashes, or
equal signs. The first character must not be a number or any of the
following special characters: <p><codeph>! # $ % &amp; ' ( ) * + -
. / : ; &lt; > ? @</codeph></p></dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Certificate</dt>
<dd>Specifies the server certificate to use with the certificate profile.</dd>
<dd>The certificate must be a PEM format certificate.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Certificate Password</dt>
<dd>Specifies the password, or passphrase, that protects access to
the certificate.</dd>
<dd>Most certificates are not protected by a password or passphrase.</dd>
<dd><!--Added " for defects 20463, 20464, 18293-->The password cannot
contain double quotation marks.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Private Key</dt>
<dd>Specifies the key that matches the certificate that is specified
in the certificate profile.</dd>
<dd>The certificate that is specified might contain the key. In this
case, use the certificate details for the private key.</dd>
<dd>The private key must be an RSA private key.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Key Password</dt>
<dd>Specifies the password, or passphrase, that protects access to
the key.</dd>
<dd>Most keys require a password or passphrase.</dd>
<dd><!--Added " for defects 20463, 20464, 18293-->The password cannot
contain double quotation marks.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></p>
<note>If you need to replace a certificate, for example if the certificate is due to expire, you can
   upload a new certificate and associate it with the certificate profile that references the
   certificate that you need to replace. <parmname>Overwrite</parmname> must be set to
    <userinput>true</userinput> in the payload when you replace a certificate.</note>
<p>For more information about configuring certificate profiles by
using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>,
see <xref href="ad00711_.dita"></xref>.</p>
<p>For more information about configuring certificate profiles by using <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>, see <xref href="ad00713_.dita"/>.</p>
</conbody>
</concept><?Pub Caret -3?>
<?Pub *0000003090?>
