<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00901_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Automatically configuring appliances as an HA pair by using
the GUI</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. Use Edit > Un Comment to have the tags made live.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>Configure an appliance to run as an HA pair so that another
appliance is available as backup. System administrators can configure
a pair of appliances for high availability (HA) by using the <uicontrol>High
Availability</uicontrol> page in the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>.</shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<taskbody>
<prereq>The two <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> appliances
must be physically connected. For more information about connecting
appliances, see <xref format="dita" href="ad00400_.dita" scope="local"
type="concept">Configuring the system for High Availability</xref>.
The administrative state (AdminState) of the two appliances must also
be enabled. Go to the <uicontrol>Network Settings</uicontrol> page
to set the administrative state of the appliances.</prereq><?Pub Caret -1?>
<context><p>You can configure appliances for high availability by
using the command line or by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>. For more
information about using the command line to configure appliances for
high availability, see <xref format="dita" href="ad00402_.dita"
scope="local" type="task"></xref>.</p></context>
<steps>
<step importance="optional"><cmd>Clean the store on Appliance B. You
do not need to perform this step if your appliance has not been used
for messaging services before. If your appliance has been used for
messaging services, you must perform this step.</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>System Control</uicontrol> in the <uicontrol>Appliance</uicontrol> menu.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Select <uicontrol>maintenance</uicontrol> from the <uicontrol>Runmode</uicontrol> list.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Stop the server by clicking <uicontrol>Stop the server</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Start the server by clicking <uicontrol>Start the server</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Select the <uicontrol>clean store</uicontrol> check
box.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Stop the server by clicking <uicontrol>Stop the server</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Start the server by clicking <uicontrol>Start the server</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Select <uicontrol>production</uicontrol> from the <uicontrol>Runmode</uicontrol> list.</cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step><cmd>Configure high availability on Appliance A: </cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>From the <uicontrol>Appliance</uicontrol> menu, select <uicontrol>High
Availability</uicontrol>. </cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> in the <uicontrol>Configuration</uicontrol> panel.
The <wintitle>Edit High Availability Configuration</wintitle> page
is displayed.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Select the <uicontrol>High Availability Enabled</uicontrol> check
box.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Complete the <uicontrol>High Availability Group</uicontrol> field.</cmd>
<info>The high availability group is used to automatically configure
appliances to pair with each other. The value must be the same on
both appliances. When this value is set, you do not need to provide
replication or discovery addresses.</info></substep>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Restart Later</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step><cmd>Configure high availability on Appliance B: </cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>From the <uicontrol>Appliance</uicontrol> menu, select <uicontrol>High
Availability</uicontrol>. </cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> in the <uicontrol>Configuration</uicontrol> panel.
The <wintitle>Edit High Availability Configuration</wintitle> page
is displayed.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Select the <uicontrol>High Availability Enabled</uicontrol> check
box.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Complete the <uicontrol>High Availability Group</uicontrol> field.</cmd>
<info>This value must match the value on Appliance A.</info></substep>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Restart Later</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step><cmd>Stop and then restart the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> servers on both
of the appliances:</cmd><info><note type="tip">As a best practice,
stop and restart the standby server first. Then, stop and restart
the primary to limit the amount of time that the primary spends waiting
for the standby to become available.</note></info>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>From the <uicontrol>Appliance</uicontrol> menu, select <uicontrol>System
Control</uicontrol>.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Stop the server by clicking <uicontrol>Stop the server</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Start the server by clicking <uicontrol>Start the server</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
</steps>
<postreq>When the HA pair is up and running, you can view the status
of each appliance from the <uicontrol>Status</uicontrol> menu on the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>. You can view
further information on the status of the appliance by using the <uicontrol>System
Control</uicontrol> page. You can view further information about the
high availability role of the appliance, including the replication
or discovery addresses, by using the <uicontrol>High Availability</uicontrol> page.</postreq>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="../Troubleshooting/tr00013_.dita" scope="local"
type="task"></link>
<link format="dita" href="../Troubleshooting/tr00007_.dita" scope="local"
type="task"></link>
<link format="dita" href="ad00280_.dita" scope="local" type="concept">
</link>
<link format="dita"
href="../Reference/ApplianceCmd/cmd_imaserver_status.dita" scope="local"
type="reference"></link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000006781?>
