<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00112_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Authorizing <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> on <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph></title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>Authorization takes place on the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server. <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> then connects
securely to a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph
> queue manager by using a single bridge user ID.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context>Complete the following steps on the queue manager system
to enable secure connections between <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> and <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph>.</context>
<steps>
<step id="s1"><cmd>Obtain a user ID on the system your queue manager
is running on. The user ID must not be a privileged administrative
user. This user ID is the authority under which <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> runs on
the queue manager.</cmd></step>
<step id="s2"><cmd>Create a channel authentication record that allows
only the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server
IP address to use the server-connection channel that was created to
connect <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> and <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph>:</cmd>
<stepxmp><p><codeph>runmqsc <varname>qmgrName</varname></codeph></p
><p><codeph>SET CHLAUTH(<varname>ChannelName</varname>) TYPE(ADDRESSMAP)
ADDRESS(<varname>ismIPAddress</varname>) MCAUSER('<varname>userIDcreatedInStep1</varname
>')</codeph></p>where:<dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>ChannelName</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the server-connection channel name that was created
to connect <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph
> and <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph
>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>ismIPAddress</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the IP address of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server.</dd>
</dlentry></dl><dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>userIDcreatedInStep1</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the user ID created in step 1 that is the authority
under which <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"
></ph> runs on the queue manager.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></stepxmp></step>
<step><cmd>Repeat step <xref format="dita"
href="ad00112_.dita#ad00112_/s2" scope="local" type="step"></xref
> for each queue manager that is used by <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph>.</cmd></step>
<step id="s4"><cmd>Grant general <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> access to the<ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> user ID
created in step <xref format="dita" href="ad00112_.dita#ad00112_/s1"
scope="local" type="step"></xref>:</cmd><stepxmp><p><codeph>runmqsc <varname
>qmgrName</varname></codeph></p><p><codeph>SET AUTHREC OBJTYPE(QMGR)
PRINCIPAL('<varname>userIDcreatedInStep1</varname>') AUTHADD(CONNECT,
INQ, DSP)</codeph></p><p><codeph>SET AUTHREC PROFILE('SYSTEM.DEFAULT.MODEL.QUEUE')
OBJTYPE(QUEUE) PRINCIPAL('<varname>userIDcreatedInStep1</varname>')
AUTHADD(DSP, GET)</codeph></p><p><codeph>SET AUTHREC PROFILE('SYSTEM.ADMIN.COMMAND.QUEUE')
OBJTYPE(QUEUE) PRINCIPAL('<varname>userIDcreatedInStep1</varname>')
AUTHADD(DSP, PUT)</codeph></p><p><codeph>SET AUTHREC PROFILE('SYSTEM.ISM.*')
OBJTYPE(QUEUE) PRINCIPAL('<varname>userIDcreatedInStep1</varname>')
AUTHADD(CRT, PUT, GET, BROWSE)</codeph></p><p><codeph>SET AUTHREC
PROFILE('SYSTEM.DEFAULT.LOCAL.QUEUE') OBJTYPE(QUEUE) PRINCIPAL('<varname
>userIDcreatedInStep1</varname>') AUTHADD(DSP)</codeph></p>where:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt><varname>userIDcreatedInStep1</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the user ID created in step 1 that is the authority
under which <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"
></ph> runs on the queue manager.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></stepxmp></step>
<step id="5"><cmd>For each mapping rule, grant specific authorities
to the appropriate topic objects by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> mqsc commands <cmdname
>DEFINE TOPIC</cmdname> and <cmdname>SET AUTHREC</cmdname>:</cmd><info
><p><codeph>runmqsc <varname>qmgrName</varname></codeph></p><p><codeph
>DEFINE TOPIC(<varname>topicObjectName</varname>) TOPICSTR(<varname
>topicString</varname>)</codeph></p><p><codeph>SET AUTHREC PROFILE(<varname
>topicObjectName</varname>) OBJTYPE(TOPIC) PRINCIPAL(<varname>userIDcreatedInStep1</varname
>) AUTHADD(<varname>authorization</varname>)</codeph></p>where:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt><varname>topicObjectName</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies a name for the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="WebSphere"
>WebSphere</tm> MQ topic object.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>topicString</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the topic string that you want to set authorization
for.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>userIDcreatedInStep1</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the user ID created in step 1 that is the authority
under which <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"
></ph> runs on the queue manager.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>authorization</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the publish and subscribe authorities to give to the
topic. This value can be one of the following values: <ul>
<li><codeph>PUB</codeph></li>
<li><codeph>SUB</codeph></li>
<li><codeph>PUB, SUB</codeph></li>
</ul></dd>
</dlentry></dl>For more information about <cmdname>DEFINE TOPIC</cmdname
> and <cmdname>SET AUTHREC</cmdname>, see the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> information center
topics <xref
href="http://pic.dhe.ibm.com/infocenter/wmqv7/v7r5/topic/com.ibm.mq.doc/sc11305_.htm"
scope="external" type="html">DEFINE TOPIC</xref>, and <xref
href="http://pic.dhe.ibm.com/infocenter/wmqv7/v7r5/topic/com.ibm.mq.doc/sc15060_.htm"
scope="external" type="html">SET AUTHREC</xref>.</info></step>
<step><cmd>Repeat steps <xref format="dita"
href="ad00112_.dita#ad00112_/s4" scope="local" type="step"></xref
> and <xref format="dita" href="ad00112_.dita#ad00112_/5" scope="local"
type="step"></xref> for each queue manager that is used by <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph>.</cmd><info
><draft-comment>Further steps needed for certificate-based authentication,
which will not be available until after beta.</draft-comment></info>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00102_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00126_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00111_.dita" otherprops="NOTbeta"></link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1354636337 1?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000006860?>
