<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="ad00941_" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title>Removing an inactive cluster member by using the <ph
            conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>
    </title>
    <!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
    <!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
    <!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
    <shortdesc>System administrators can remove an inactive cluster member by using the
            <uicontrol>Cluster</uicontrol> menu options in the <ph
            conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>.</shortdesc>
    <!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
    <!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
    <taskbody>
        <prereq>
            <p>Only take this action if you have a cluster member that is inactive and cannot be
                restarted. Removal of an inactive cluster member results in that member being
                permanently removed from the cluster. All messages that are queued to be sent to the
                inactive member are permanently deleted from the system. Outbound messages from the
                inactive member are also permanently deleted. If you have a member that you no
                longer want to participate in the cluster, disable cluster membership by using the
                    <uicontrol>Cluster Membership</uicontrol> page. For more information about
                disabling cluster membership, see <xref href="ad00941_.dita"/>.</p>
        </prereq>
        <context>
            <p>When a cluster member is not available for an extended period or is inactive, you can
                remove that cluster member from the discovery list of all active cluster members to
                avoid a potential impact on performance. Only use this REST API if a cluster member
                cannot be recovered. In all other instances, disable cluster membership on the
                active member that you want to remove. </p>
            <p>You can query cluster members with a status of <userinput>inactive</userinput> by
                using <xref href="../Monitoring/admin00080.dita">Cluster monitoring</xref>.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>To remove an inactive cluster member, complete the following steps:</cmd>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Go to the <uicontrol>Cluster Status</uicontrol> page by selecting <menucascade>
                                <uicontrol>Cluster</uicontrol>
                                <uicontrol>Status</uicontrol>
                            </menucascade>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Select the server that you want to remove from the <wintitle>Cluster
                                Status Data</wintitle> table.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Delete</uicontrol> to remove the inactive cluster
                            member. </cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
    <related-links>
        <link href="ad00940_.dita"/>
    </related-links>
</task>
