<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00368_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Creating and updating a messaging policy by using <ph
   conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/></title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can create and update messaging policies by using  <ph
   conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq>Ensure that the following message hub creation tasks are complete:<ol>
<li><xref href="ad00323_.dita">Create a message hub</xref>.</li>
<li><xref href="ad00327_.dita">Create a connection policy</xref>.</li>
</ol></prereq>
<context><p>You can create a messaging policy or update an existing messaging policy by using a <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPI"/>, or by using the <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>. For more information about using the <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> to create a messaging policy, see <xref
     href="ad00361_.dita"/>.</p><p>You can use the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API POST method to create
    or update one or more messaging policy objects. If the messaging policy that is specified in the
    request does not exist in the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> configuration table, then the messaging policy is
    created. Otherwise the messaging policy configuration is updated.</p>For more information about
   the components you must specify to create a messaging policy, including naming restrictions, see
    <xref href="ad00360_.dita"/>.</context>
<steps>
<step>
<cmd>To create or update a message hub, use the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API POST method with the
following <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> configuration URI:</cmd>
    <info>
     <p><codeph>https://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/</codeph></p>
    </info>
   </step>
   <step>
    <cmd>Provide MessagingPolicy object configuration data in the payload of the POST method by
     using the following schema. <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to
      <userinput>application/json</userinput>: </cmd>
    <info><codeblock>
     {    
        "MessagingPolicy": {
          "&lt;NameOfMessagingPolicy>": {
            "Description": "string",
            "Destination": "string",
            "DestinationType": "string",
            "ActionList": "string",
            "MaxMessages": "integer",
            "MaxMessagesBehaviour": "string",
            "MaxMessageTimeToLive": "string",
            "DisconnectedClientNotification": "boolean",
            "ClientID": "string",
            "UserID": "string",
            "GroupID": "string",
            "CommonNames": "string",
            "ClientAddress": "string",
            "Protocol": "string"
         }
       }
     }</codeblock>Where:<ul>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt><varname>NameOfMessagingPolicy</varname></dt>
         <dd>Specifies the name of the messaging policy.</dd>
         <dd>The name must not have leading or trailing spaces and cannot contain control
          characters, commas, double quotation marks, backslashes, or equal signs. The first
          character must not be a number or any of the following special characters: <p><codeph>! #
            $ % &amp; ' ( ) * + - . / : ; &lt; > ? @</codeph></p></dd>
         <dd>After the messaging policy is created, you cannot change this name.</dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>Description</dt>
         <dd>Optional.</dd>
         <dd>Specifies a description for the messaging policy.</dd>
         <dd>If you do not want a description, omit <codeph>"Description":
            "<varname>description</varname>"</codeph>.</dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>Destination</dt>
         <dd>For messaging policies that apply to topics, <codeph>Destination</codeph> specifies the
          topic string that the messaging policy applies to.</dd>
         <dd>For messaging policies that apply to queues, <codeph>Destination</codeph> specifies the
          queue that the messaging policy applies to.</dd>
         <dd>For messaging policies that apply to global-shared durable subscriptions,
           <codeph>Destination</codeph> specifies the subscription name that the messaging policy
          applies to. <p>If you are using MQTT global-shared subscriptions, you must configure a
           topic messaging policy and a subscription messaging policy. The
            <parmname>Destination</parmname> parameter in both types of policy must be correctly
           specified; for more information, see <xref format="dita" href="../Security/se00019_.dita"
            scope="local" type="concept">Topic filters for MQTT global-shared
           subscriptions</xref>.</p></dd>
         <dd>You can use an asterisk (*) as a wildcard. For example, to apply the message policy to
          topic strings <codeph>TOPICA/#</codeph>, enter a destination of <codeph>TOPICA/*</codeph>.
          You must take care when you use a wildcard to ensure that you do not grant greater
          authority to topics than intended. For more information about how wildcard characters can
          be used, see <xref format="dita" href="../Security/se00004_.dita#se00004_/wildcards"
           scope="local" type="section"/>.</dd>
         <dd>If the messaging policy applies to a global-shared subscription that is to be used by
          MQTT applications, ensure that you do not include the forward slash character ( /) in
           <varname>destinationName</varname>.</dd>
         <dd>The dollar sign ($) and asterisk (*) have special meanings in the destination field. To
          use these characters as literals, use <codeph>${$}</codeph> for a dollar sign, and use
           <codeph>${*}</codeph> for an asterisk.</dd>
         <dd>You can use variable substitution in the topic string or queue to ensure that only
          clients with specific user IDs, group IDs, client IDs, or client certificate common names
          can access a topic. The variables are:<ul>
           <li><codeph>${UserID}</codeph> for the user ID. </li>
           <li><codeph>${GroupID}</codeph> for the group ID.</li>
           <li><codeph>${ClientID}</codeph> for the client ID. You cannot use
             <codeph>${ClientID}</codeph> for a messaging policy of type
             <codeph>subscription</codeph>.</li>
           <li><codeph>${CommonName}</codeph> for the client certificate common name. </li>
          </ul></dd>
         <dd>For example, if a topic string in a messaging policy is
           <codeph>ExampleTopic/TopicA/${ClientID}</codeph>, a client with an ID of
           <codeph>client_a</codeph> can access topic <codeph>ExampleTopic/TopicA/client_a</codeph>.
          A client with an ID of <codeph>client_b</codeph> cannot access topic
           <codeph>ExampleTopic/TopicA/client_a</codeph>, but can access
           <codeph>ExampleTopic/TopicA/client_b</codeph>.</dd>
         <dd>For more information about using variable substitution, see <xref format="dita"
           href="../Security/se00018.dita" scope="local" type="concept"/>.</dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>DestinationType</dt>
         <dd>Specifies whether the messaging policy applies to topics, queues, or global-shared
          durable subscriptions.</dd>
         <dd>You can specify one of the following values:<ul>
           <li>Topic</li>
           <li>Queue</li>
           <li>Subscription</li>
          </ul></dd>
         <dd>After you have created the messaging policy, you cannot change the destination
          type.</dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>ActionList</dt>
         <dd>Specifies which messaging actions can be used by clients that connect to endpoints
          associated with this messaging policy.</dd>
         <dd>You can specify the following values for a messaging policy for topics To specify more
          than one, separate each value with a comma:<ul>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt><codeph>Publish</codeph></dt>
              <dd>Allows clients to publish to the topic that is specified in the messaging
               policy.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt><codeph>Subscribe</codeph></dt>
              <dd>Allows clients to subscribe to the topic that is specified in the messaging
               policy.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
          </ul></dd>
         <dd>You can specify the following values for a messaging policy for queues. To specify more
          than one, separate each value with a comma:<ul>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt><codeph>Send</codeph></dt>
              <dd>Allows clients to send messages to the queue that is specified in the messaging
               policy.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt><codeph>Receive</codeph></dt>
              <dd>Allows clients to receive messages from the queue that is specified in the
               messaging policy.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt><codeph>Browse</codeph></dt>
              <dd>Allows clients to browse messages on the queue that is specified in the messaging
               policy.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
          </ul></dd>
         <dd>You can specify the following values for a messaging policy for global-shared durable
          subscriptions. To specify more than one, separate each value with a comma:<ul>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt><codeph>Receive</codeph></dt>
              <dd>Allows clients to receive messages from the global-shared durable subscription
               that is specified in the <parmname>Destination</parmname> field of the messaging
               policy.</dd>
              <dd>If you specify this value, you must ensure that the authority to subscribe is
               granted in messaging policy where the <parmname>DestinationType</parmname> is set to
                <codeph>Topic</codeph>. </dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt><codeph>Control</codeph></dt>
              <dd>Allows global-shared durable subscriptions to be created and deleted. The name of
               the global-shared durable subscription is specified in the
                <parmname>Destination</parmname> field of the messaging policy.</dd>
              <dd>To create or delete a global-shared durable subscription, a client must be allowed
               to receive messages. Therefore, if you select <codeph>Control</codeph>, you must also
               select <codeph>Receive</codeph> within the same messaging policy.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
          </ul></dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>MaxMessages</dt>
         <dd>Optional.</dd>
         <dd>Specifies the maximum number of messages that are kept for a subscription. This value
          is a guideline, rather than an absolute limit. If the system is running under stress, then
          the number of buffered messages on a subscription might be slightly higher than the
          MaxMessages value.</dd>
         <dd>This value is not valid when <codeph>"DestinationType": "Queue"</codeph>.</dd>
         <dd> The MaxMessages value for a global-shared durable subscription must be specified in
          the subscription messaging policy. If a MaxMessages value is also specified in the
          associated topic messaging policy, the value from the subscription messaging policy is
          used. </dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>MaxMessagesBehavior</dt>
         <dd>Optional.</dd>
         <dd>Specifies the behavior that is applied when the number of messages in the buffer for a
          subscription reaches the max messages value. That is, when the buffer for a subscription
          is full. The behavior is applied to both durable and non-durable subscriptions.</dd>
         <dd>The behavior can be one of the following options:<ul>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>RejectNewMessages</dt>
              <dd>New messages are not accepted on the buffer for the subscription.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>DiscardOldMessages</dt>
              <dd>A percentage of old messages on the buffer for the subscription are discarded. If
               a retained message is one of the old messages, it is discarded. The quality of
               service, persistence, and priority of the message does not prevent a message from
               being discarded. Therefore, if all messages must be received in order for your
               applications to function correctly, you cannot set
                <codeph>MaxMessagesBehavior</codeph> to <codeph>DiscardOldMessages</codeph>.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
          </ul>The default value is to reject new messages.</dd>
         <dd>This component is not valid if the destination type is <codeph>queue</codeph>.</dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>MaxMessageTimeToLive</dt>
         <dd>Optional.</dd>
         <dd>Specifies the maximum time, in seconds, that a published or sent message that is
          associated with the messaging policy can exist for in <ph
           conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>.</dd>
         <dd>The value must be either <codeph>unlimited</codeph> or in the range 1-2147483647.</dd>
         <dd>The default value is <codeph>unlimited</codeph> and means that messages will not expire
          unless the publishing application specifies a time for messages to exist for.</dd>
         <dd>This value is applied only when the messaging policy has either: <ul>
           <li>A destination type of topic and includes an action of publish, or </li>
           <li>A destination type of queue and includes an action of send.</li>
          </ul></dd>
         <dd>Ensure that client and server times are synchronized in order to minimize the
          possibility of expired messages being received. </dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>DisconnectedClientNotification</dt>
         <dd>Optional.</dd>
         <dd>Specifies whether notification messages are published for disconnected MQTT clients on
          arrival of a message.</dd>
         <dd>The default value is <codeph>False</codeph>.</dd>
         <dd>This value is only applied when the messaging policy has a destination type of topic,
          and the protocol that is used is MQTT.</dd>
         <dd>The notification messages are published to the reserved system topic
           <codeph>$SYS/DisconnectedClientNotification</codeph></dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
     </ul><p>You must specify at least one of the following filters:<ul>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>ClientID</dt>
          <dd>Optional.</dd>
          <dd>Specifies the client ID that is allowed to use the messaging actions that are
           specified in the messaging policy. The client ID is allowed to use the messaging actions
           only on the topics that are specified in the policy.</dd>
          <dd>When <codeph>DestinationType": "Subscription"</codeph>, you cannot specify a client
           ID.</dd>
          <dd>You can use an asterisk (*) at the end of the value to match 0 or more
           characters.</dd>
          <dd>To use the default value, where all client ID values are allowed to use the actions,
           omit <codeph>"ClientID": "<varname>ClientID</varname>"</codeph>.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>UserID</dt>
          <dd>Optional.</dd>
          <dd>Specifies the messaging user ID that is allowed to use the messaging actions that are
           specified in the messaging policy. The messaging user ID is allowed to use the messaging
           actions only on the topics that are specified in the policy.</dd>
          <dd>You can use an asterisk (*) at the end of the value to match 0 or more
           characters.</dd>
          <dd>To use the default value, where all user ID values are allowed to use the actions,
           omit <codeph>"UserID": "<varname>UserID</varname>"</codeph>.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>GroupID</dt>
          <dd>Optional.</dd>
          <dd>Specifies the messaging group that is allowed to use the messaging actions that are
           specified in the messaging policy. The messaging group is allowed to use the messaging
           actions only on the topics that are specified in the policy.</dd>
          <dd>You can use an asterisk (*) at the end of the value to match 0 or more
           characters.</dd>
          <dd>To use the default value, where all groups are allowed to use the actions, omit
            <codeph>"GroupID": "<varname>GroupID</varname>"</codeph>.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>CommonNames</dt>
          <dd>Optional.</dd>
          <dd>Specifies the client certificate common name that must be used for a client to be
           allowed to use the actions that are specified in the messaging policy. The client
           certificate common name allows clients to use the messaging actions only on the topics
           that are specified in the policy.</dd>
          <dd>You can use an asterisk (*) at the end of the value to match 0 or more
           characters.</dd>
          <dd>To use the default value, where all client certificates are allowed to use the
           actions, omit <codeph>"CommonNames": "<varname>CommonNames</varname>"</codeph>.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>ClientAddress</dt>
          <dd>Optional.</dd>
          <dd>Specifies the client IP addresses that are allowed to use the messaging actions that
           are specified in the messaging policy. The client IP addresses are allowed to use the
           messaging actions only on the topics that are specified in the policy.</dd>
          <dd>The IP address can contain an asterisk (*), or a comma-separated list of IPv4 or IPv6
           addresses or ranges. For example, 192.0.2.32, 192.0.0.0, 192.0.2.0-192.0.2.100. The range
           must be specified from low to high.</dd>
          <dd>IPv6 addresses must be enclosed in brackets <codeph>[ ]</codeph>.</dd>
          <dd>To use the default value, where all client IP addresses are allowed to use the
           actions, omit <codeph>"ClientAddress": "<varname>ClientAddress</varname>"</codeph>.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>Protocol</dt>
          <dd>Optional.</dd>
          <dd>Specifies which protocols are allowed to use the actions that are specified in the
           messaging policy on the topics that are specified in the policy.</dd>
          <dd>You can choose from JMS and MQTT
           protocols.<!--by default. If there are any protocol plug-ins installed on the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server, you can
specify these as well.--></dd>
          <dd>To specify more than one value, separate each value with a comma.</dd>
          <!--<dd>You can use the value <codeph>All</codeph> to specify all available
protocols.</dd>-->
          <?Pub Caret -3?>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
      </ul></p></info>
   </step>
</steps>
<example>
   <p>The following example shows a POST method to create a messaging policy called
    "DemoMessagingPolicy" by using cURL:</p>
   <codeblock>

       curl -X POST \
         -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
         -d '
             { 
               "MessagingPolicy": {   
                 "DemoMessagingPolicy": {
                   "Description": "Messaging policy to authorize a client to publish to a topic.",
                   "ClientID": "*",
                   "ActionList": "Publish,Subscribe"
                  }
                }
              }
            ' \
          https://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/
</codeblock>
   <p>The following example shows an example response to the POST method:</p>
   <codeblock>
       {        
         "Version": "v1",
         "Code": "CWLNA6011",
         "Message": "The requested configuration change has completed successfully."
       }
</codeblock>
  </example>
<postreq>You must complete the following tasks to finish the message
hub configuration:<ol>
<li><xref href="ad00369_.dita">Create endpoints</xref>.</li>
</ol></postreq>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00360_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00323_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00327_.dita"></link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000017481?>
