<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00616_" xml:lang="en-us">
 <title>Creating an aggregate interface</title>
 <shortdesc>System administrators can create an aggregate interface by using the <cmdname>create
   aggregate-interface</cmdname> command on the command line.</shortdesc>
 <taskbody>
  <context>
   <p>You must be in edit mode to create an aggregate-interface. Any changes that you make when you
    create an aggregate interface do not take effect until you exit the edit aggregate-interface
    mode. You can view the current settings of the aggregate interface at any time when in edit
    aggregate-interface mode by using the <cmdname>show</cmdname> command.</p>
   <p>For information about configuring IP settings for an aggregate interface, see <xref
     href="ad00620_.dita"/>.</p>
  </context>
  <steps>
   <step>
    <cmd>Create an aggregate interface by entering the following command:</cmd>
    <info>
     <p><codeph>create aggregate-interface <varname>interfaceName</varname>
      </codeph></p>Where<ul>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>interfaceName</dt>
         <dd>Specifies the name of the aggregate interface that you want to create.</dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
     </ul></info>
    <stepresult>The command prompt changes to indicate that you are in edit mode.</stepresult>
   </step>
   <step id="2">
    <cmd importance="required">Specify whether the interface is enabled or disabled by entering the
     following command:</cmd>
    <info><p><codeph>AdminState <varname>status</varname></codeph></p>Where:<ul>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>status</dt>
         <dd>Specifies whether the interface is enabled.</dd>
         <dd>Valid values are <parmname>Enabled</parmname>, or <parmname>Disabled</parmname>.</dd>
         <dd>The default value is Enabled.</dd>
         <dd>If the interface is administratively disabled, then the interface will not be
          functional. </dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
     </ul></info>
   </step>
   <step>
    <cmd importance="optional">Specify the <parmname>userdata</parmname> property by entering the
     following command:</cmd>
    <info><p><codeph>userdata <varname>string</varname></codeph></p>Where:<ul>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>string</dt>
         <dd>Specifies the value to assign to <parmname>userdata</parmname>.</dd>
         <dd>You can supply comments or information about the aggregate interface in this
          string.</dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
     </ul></info>
   </step>
   <step>
    <cmd importance="optional">Specify the <parmname>mac-address</parmname>  by entering the
     following command:</cmd>
    <info><p><codeph>mac-address <varname>hardware-address</varname></codeph></p>Where:<ul>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>hardware-address</dt>
         <dd>Specifies the hardware address to be used by the aggregate interface.</dd>
         <dd>The value must be expressed in the format XX:XX:XX:XX:XX:XX, where X is a hexadecimal
          character. </dd>
         <dd>Only unicast IEEE 802 MAC addresses can be specified.</dd>
         <dd>If this property is not set, the appropriate hardware address to be used is determined
          by the aggregation policy configured. </dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
     </ul></info>
   </step>
   <step>
    <cmd importance="required">Specify the maximum transmission unit <parmname>mtu</parmname> by
     entering the following command:</cmd>
    <info><p><codeph>mtu <varname>mtu</varname></codeph></p>Where:<ul>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>mtu</dt>
         <dd>Specifies the number of bytes to be used as the maximum transmission unit (MTU) for the
          Ethernet interface.</dd>
         <dd>The value must be greater than 576 bytes. If IPv6 is to be used on this interface, the
          MTU must be greater than or equal to 1280 bytes.</dd>
         <dd>The default value is 1500. </dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
     </ul></info>
   </step>
   <step>
    <cmd importance="required">Specify the names of Ethernet interfaces to be used in this aggregate
     interface by entering the following command:</cmd>
    <info><p><codeph>member <varname>list</varname></codeph></p>Where:<ul>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>list</dt>
         <dd>Specifies the names of the Ethernet interfaces to be used in the aggregate
          interface.</dd>
         <dd>There must be at least one Ethernet interface specified, and more than one Ethernet
          interface is required in order to gain any availability or bandwidth benefits from the
          aggregate interface.</dd>
         <dd>You can use the <cmdname>append member</cmdname> command to add a member to the list
          without retyping the full list of members. To reset the list, use the <cmdname>reset
           member</cmdname> command.</dd>
         <dd>All candidate Ethernet interfaces must be administratively disabled or
          aggregate-candidate true. </dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
     </ul></info>
   </step>
   <step>
    <cmd importance="required">Specify the <parmname>aggregation-policy</parmname> to be used by
     entering the following command:</cmd>
    <info><p><codeph>aggregation-policy <varname>policy</varname></codeph></p>Where:<ul>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>policy</dt>
         <dd>Specifies a valid enumerated value to assign to the
           <parmname>aggregation-policy</parmname> property.</dd>
         <dd>Valid values include: <ul>
           <li>active-backup</li>
           <li>balance-tlb</li>
           <li>lacp</li>
          </ul></dd>
         <dd>The default value is active-backup.</dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
     </ul></info>
   </step>
   <step>
    <cmd importance="normal">Specify the primary Ethernet interface to be used in this aggregate
     interface by entering the following command:</cmd>
    <info><p><codeph>primary-member <varname>memberName</varname></codeph></p>Where:<ul>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>memberName</dt>
         <dd>Specifies the primary Ethernet interface to be used in this aggregate interface.</dd>
         <dd>This property is only used if the aggregation-policy property is set to active-backup. </dd>
         <dd>If the primary member interface becomes unavailable, the traffic fails over to a backup
          member. </dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
     </ul></info>
   </step>
   <step>
    <cmd importance="normal">Specify the selection logic to be used in this aggregate interface by
     entering the following command:</cmd>
    <info><p><codeph>lacp-selection-logic <varname>logic</varname></codeph></p>Where:<ul>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>logic</dt>
         <dd>Specifies the selection logic to be used in this aggregate interface.</dd>
         <dd>This property is only used if the aggregation-policy property is set to lacp. </dd>
         <dd>Valid values include:<ul>
           <li>stable</li>
           <li>bandwidth</li>
           <li>count</li>
          </ul></dd>
         <dd>The default value is stable. </dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
     </ul></info>
   </step>
   <step>
    <cmd importance="optional">Specify the rate in which to request the link partner to transmit
     LACPDU packets by entering the following command:</cmd>
    <info><p><codeph>lacp-rate <varname>lacp_rate</varname></codeph></p>Where:<ul>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>lacp_rate</dt>
         <dd>Specifies the rate in which to request the link partner to transmit LACPDUs.</dd>
         <dd>This property is only used if the aggregation-policy property is set to lacp. </dd>
         <dd>Valid values include:<ul>
           <li>slow</li>
           <li>fast</li>
          </ul></dd>
         <dd>A value of slow requests transmission every 30 seconds.</dd>
         <dd>A value of fast requests transmission every 1 second.</dd>
         <dd>The default value is fast. </dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
     </ul></info>
   </step>
   <step>
    <cmd importance="normal">Specify the transmit hash policy to be used when selecting which member
     interface to transmit frames on by entering the following command:</cmd>
    <info><p><codeph>transmit-hash-policy <varname>transmit_hash_policy </varname></codeph></p>Where:<ul>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>transmit_hash_policy </dt>
         <dd>Specifies the transmit hash policy to be used when selecting which member interface to
          transmit frames on.</dd>
         <dd>This property is only used if the aggregation-policy property is set to lacp. </dd>
         <dd>Valid values include:<dl>
           <dlentry>
            <dt>layer2</dt>
            <dd>Use XOR of MAC addresses to generate a hash. </dd>
           </dlentry>
           <dlentry>
            <dt>layer2+3</dt>
            <dd>Use XOR of MAC addresses and IP addresses to generate a hash. </dd>
           </dlentry>
           <dlentry>
            <dt>layer3+4</dt>
            <dd>Use XOR of MAC addresses and port numbers to generate a hash. </dd>
           </dlentry>
          </dl></dd>
         <dd>The default value is layer2. </dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
     </ul></info>
   </step>
   <step>
    <cmd importance="optional">Configure IP settings.</cmd>
    <info>For information about configuring IP settings, see <xref href="ad00620_.dita"
      operatingsystem=""/>.</info>
   </step>
   <step id="7">
    <cmd>Exit the edit mode, saving the changes, by entering the following command:</cmd>
    <info>
     <p><codeph>exit</codeph></p>
    </info>
   </step>
  </steps>
  <example>
   <p>Create an aggregate interface using eth0, eth1, and eth2 as member links, LACP as an
    aggregation policy, and a transmit-hash-policy of layer2.</p>
   <screen><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"/> create aggregate-interface
 aggregate-interface:agg0> member eth0 eth1 eth2
 aggregate-interface:agg0> transmit-hash-policy layer2
 aggregate-interface:agg0> aggregation-policy lacp
 aggregate-interface:agg0> exit
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"/></screen>
   <?Pub Caret -1?>
  </example>
 </taskbody>
 <related-links>
  <link format="dita" href="ad00614_.dita" scope="local" type="task"/>
  <link format="dita" href="ad00615_.dita" scope="local" type="task"/>
  <link format="dita" href="ad00617_.dita" scope="local"/>
  <link href="ad00618_.dita"/>
  <link format="dita" href="ad00610_.dita" scope="local" type="concept" architecture=""/>
  <link href="ad00200_.dita"/>
 </related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000001604?>
