<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00407_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Bring back a standby node after it failed by using the GUI</title><?Pub
Caret 11?>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. Use Edit > Un Comment to have the tags made live.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>In this scenario, the standby node of an HA pair failed.
After you have fixed the problems with the standby node, you must
restart it as a backup. System administrators can use the <uicontrol>High
Availability</uicontrol> page in the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>.</shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<taskbody>
<context><p>You can configure appliances for high availability by
using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>,
or by using the command line. For more information about using the
command line to configure appliances for high availability, see <xref
href="ad00408_.dita">Bring back a standby node after it failed by
using the command line</xref>.  In this scenario, the content of the
store and configuration of Appliance A is preserved and Appliance
A does not require restarting.</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Check the configuration of high availability on Appliance
B by selecting <uicontrol>High Availability</uicontrol> from the <uicontrol>Appliance</uicontrol> menu.
If you modify any settings, click <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>. </cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Depending on the modifications you made, you might be prompted
to restart the appliance. If you choose to restart the appliance at
this point, you do not have to perform the next step.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Stop and then restart the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server for Appliance
B:</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>System Control</uicontrol> in the <uicontrol>Appliance</uicontrol> menu.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Stop the server by clicking <uicontrol>Stop the server</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Start the server by clicking <uicontrol>Start the server</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
</steps>
<postreq>When the HA pair is up and running, you can view the status
of each appliance from the <uicontrol>Status</uicontrol> menu on the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>. You can view
further information on the status of the appliance by using the <uicontrol>System
Control</uicontrol> page. You can view further information about the
high availability role of the appliance by using the <uicontrol>High
Availability</uicontrol> page.</postreq>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="../Troubleshooting/tr00013_.dita" scope="local"
type="task"></link>
<link format="dita" href="../Troubleshooting/tr00007_.dita" scope="local"
type="task"></link>
<link format="dita" href="ad00280_.dita" scope="local" type="concept">
</link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003522?>
