<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00297_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Purging the log files</title>
<shortdesc>You can purge a log file, by using the <cmdname>imaserver purge LogFile</cmdname> command
on the command line. The <codeph>webui-messages*.log</codeph> file cannot be purged.</shortdesc><?Pub
Caret 123?>
<taskbody>
<context>The <cmdname>imaserver purge LogFile</cmdname> command copies the current log, and all the
archived logs to the automatic transfer location. Then, the log files are deleted from the server.
You can specify an automatic transfer location by using the <cmdname>imaserver create
LogAutoTransfer</cmdname> command. For more information, see <xref href="ad00420_.dita"/>.</context>
<steps-unordered>
<step>
<cmd>To purge a log file, enter the following command:</cmd>
<info><codeblock>imaserver purge LogFile "Name=<varname>filename</varname>" "Force=True|False"</codeblock>Where:<ul>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>filename</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of log file that you want to purge.</dd>
<dd>Use the <cmdname>show log list</cmdname> command to view a list of available logs. The
<codeph>webui-messages*.log</codeph> file cannot be purged.</dd>
<dd>Archived files cannot be used. That is, any file that ends with <codeph>.gz</codeph>.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Force=True|False</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies whether to force the log file purge.</dd>
<dd>If Force is set to True, the command purges the current log file and the archived log files even
if the files cannot be copied to the automatic transfer location.</dd>
<dd>If Force is set to False, the command fails if the logs cannot be copied to the automatic
transfer location.</dd>
<dd>The default value is False.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
</ul>
</info>
</step>
</steps-unordered>
<example>The following example purges the imaserver-default.log
file:<codeblock><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"/> <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"/> purge LogFile "Name=imaserver-default.log"
Log file "imaserver-default.log" has been purged successfully.
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"/></codeblock></example>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000001453?>
