<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00792_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring the licensed usage for <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> by
    using REST Administration APIs</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>System administrators can change the configured licensed usage for <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>  by using REST Administration APIs. System
    administrators can view the configured licensed usage for <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> by using the <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> or by using REST Administration APIs. </shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server will start in maintenance
      mode until the license is accepted. You can set the licensed usage of your <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> by using REST Administration APIs. You can
      view the current licensed usage of your <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
      by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>, or by using REST
      Administration APIs. For more information about using the <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> to show the licensed usage, see <xref
        href="ad00791_.dita"/>. For more information about using REST Administration APIs to show
      the licensed usage, see <xref
        href="../Reference/SpecialCmd/cmd_imaserver_get_licensedusage.dita"/>. </context>
<steps-unordered>
<step>
        <cmd>To set the licensed usage of  <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>, use
          the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API POST method with the
          following <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> configuration URI:</cmd>
        <info>
          <p><codeph><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/</codeph></codeph></p>
        </info>
      </step>
   <step>
        <cmd>Provide object configuration data in the payload of the POST method by using the
          following schema. </cmd>
        <info><codeblock>
{
 "LicensedUsage":"LicenseType"
}</codeblock>Where:<ul>
            <li>
              <dl>
                <dlentry>
                  <dt>LicenseType</dt>
                  <dd>Specifies the licensed usage. Specify one of:<ul>
                      <li>Developers</li>
                      <li>Non-Production</li>
                      <li>Production</li>
                      <li>IdleStandby</li>
                    </ul></dd>
                </dlentry>
              </dl>
            </li>
          </ul></info>
      </step>
<step>
        <cmd>Restart <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>  by using REST
          Administration APIs. For more information about restarting <ph
            conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>, see <xref
            href="../Reference/ApplianceCmd/fun_derestart.dita"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
<step>
        <cmd>After <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>  restarts, you must accept
          the license again by using a REST Administration API. For more information about using
          REST Administration APIs, see <xref format="dita"
            href="../Reference/SpecialCmd/cmd_imaserver_set_acceptlicense.dita" scope="local"
            type="reference"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
</steps-unordered>
<example><p>The following example shows setting <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
        licensed usage to
        <codeph>Non-Production</codeph>:<codeblock>
curl -X POST \
   -H  'Content-Type: application/json'  \
   -d  '{
         "LicensedUsage": "Non-Production"
        }
  '   \
http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/configuration/
</codeblock></p>An
      example response to the POST
      method:<codeblock>
{        
  "Version": "v1",
  "Code": "CWLNA6011",
  "Message": "The requested configuration change has completed successfully."
}
</codeblock>Show
      the new licensed
      usage:<codeblock>curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/configuration/LicensedUsage</codeblock>An
      example response to the GET
      method:<codeblock>
{
  "Version": "v1",
  "LicensedUsage": "Non-Production"
}
</codeblock></example>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00790_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00200_.dita"></link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1413223995 0?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003915?>
