<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="ad00199_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph></title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> can
be used by system administrators and messaging administrators to administer <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> can
be accessed by using any of the <xref format="dita"
href="../Planning/pl00030.dita" scope="local" type="concept">supported
browsers</xref>. The browser must have <tm tmtype="tm"
trademark="JavaScript">JavaScript</tm> enabled.</p>
<p>You can connect to the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> by entering
the following URL:</p>
<note>This URL uses the default port value. If you changed the port
value, replace the <codeph>9087</codeph> section of the URL with your
port number.</note>
<p><codeph>https://<varname>IP_Address</varname>:9087</codeph></p>
<p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>IP_Address</dt>
<dd>Specifies the IP address of the management ethernet interface.
To determine the IP address of the management ethernet interface,
enter the following command on the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> command line:<p><codeph>status
ethernet-interface mgt0</codeph></p><note> If you are not using the <codeph>mgt0</codeph> Ethernet
interface to connect to the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>, you must
replace <codeph>mgt0</codeph> with the appropriate Ethernet interface
name.</note></dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></p>
<section><title>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> status
menu</title><p>The status menu is in the upper left corner of the <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>, next to the Server ID menu. From the
    status menu, you can view the status of the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
    server. You can also view the status of your high availability and cluster configuration.</p><p>The
state of the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server
changes which actions are available in the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>:<ul>
<li>When the server is in maintenance mode, you cannot use any monitoring
actions.</li>
<li>When the server is stopped, you can use only a limited number
of configuration actions.</li>
<li>When the server is restarting, you cannot use any actions until the server is started.</li>
<li>When the server is in a highly available configuration, and is the secondary node, you can use
      only a limited number of configuration actions. You must make configuration changes with the
      primary node server.</li>
</ul>For more information about the different server states, and how
to change between the states, see <xref href="ad00280_.dita"></xref>,
and <xref format="dita" href="../Troubleshooting/tr00006_.dita"
scope="local" type="concept"></xref>.</p></section>
<section><title>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> user
menu</title><p>The user menu is in the upper right corner of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>. The icon
for this menu is your user name. From the user menu, you can complete
the following tasks:<ul>
<li>Change your password</li>
<li>Logout</li>
</ul></p></section>
<section><title>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> help
menu</title><p>The help menu is in the upper right corner of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>. The icon
for this menu is a question mark in a circle. From the help menu,
you can complete the following tasks:<ul>
<li>Access the product help by clicking <uicontrol>Help</uicontrol></li>
<li>Restore the common configuration and customization tasks to the
home page by clicking <uicontrol>Restore Tasks on Home Page</uicontrol></li>
<li otherprops="NOTbeta">View the software license agreement by clicking <uicontrol>About</uicontrol> and
then <uicontrol>Show Software License Agreement</uicontrol></li>
</ul></p></section>
</conbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00000_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00196_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00198_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00197_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00195_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00200_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00310_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00700_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00360_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00100_.dita"></link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1413223989 1?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000004880?>
