<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="ad00702_" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Configuring the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"
    /> key repository by using <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/></title>
  <!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
  <!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
  <!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
  <shortdesc>System administrators can configure the <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"/> key repository by using <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"/>. The <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"
    /> key database file and password stash file that are to be used in the MQ SSL certificate must first be copied to <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> by using the <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
    /> REST API PUT method. System administrators can then create the MQ SSL certificate by using the <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
    /> REST API POST method. Existing certificates can also be updated by system administrators by using the <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
    /> REST API POST method. The MQ SSL certificate is used to secure connections between IBM MQ and <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>.</shortdesc>
  <!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
  <!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
  <taskbody>
    <context>
      <p>Before creating an MQ SSL certificate, system administrators must first copy an <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"
        /> key database file and password stash file to <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> by using the <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API PUT method or by using the <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
        />. For more information about using the <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
        /> to uploadcopy an MQ Connectivity key database file and password stash file, see <xref
        href="ad00106_.dita"/>. System administrators can then apply these files by using the <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
        /> REST API POST method in order to create an MQ SSL certificate. Existing MQ SSL certificates can also be updated by system administrators by using the <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API POST method. </p>
      <p> After creating or updating the MQ SSL certificate, you must restart the MQ Connectivity process if you want to use the new or updated certificate. </p>
    </context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>To create an MQ SSL certificate, first copy the <ph
          conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"
          /> key database file and password stash file from the local machine to <filepath>/tmp/userfiles</filepath> in <ph
          conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> by using the <ph
          conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
          /> REST API PUT method with the following <ph
          conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> file URI: </cmd>
        <info>
          <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/file/&lt;filename></codeph></p>
        </info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>To create or update the MQ SSL certificate, use the <ph
          conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API POST method.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Use the following <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
              /> configuration URI:</cmd>
            <info>
              <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/</codeph></p>
            </info>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Provide MQ SSL certificate object configuration data in the payload of the POST method by using the following schema. <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to <userinput>application/json</userinput>. Ensure that capitalization and double quotation marks are used as shown. </cmd>
            <info><codeblock>
{    
  "MQCertificate": {"MQSSLKey":"string","MQStashPassword":"string", "Overwrite": true|false}
}</codeblock>Where:<dl>
              <dlentry>
                <dt><varname>MQSSLKey</varname></dt>
                <dd>Required if you are creating the MQ SSL certificate.</dd>
                <dd>Specifies the name of the key database file.</dd>
                <dd>After the profile is created, this name cannot be changed.</dd>
              </dlentry>
              <dlentry>
                <dt><varname>MQStashPassword</varname></dt>
                <dd>Required if you are creating the MQ SSL certificate.</dd>
                <dd>Specifies the name of the password stash file.</dd>
              </dlentry>
              <dlentry>
                <dt>Overwrite: true|false</dt>
                <dd>Optional.</dd>
                <dd>Specifies whether the existing key database file and password stash file are overwritten.</dd>
                <dd>The default value is false which means that an existing key database file and password stash file are not overwritten if they have the same name.</dd>
              </dlentry>
              </dl></info>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>To use the new or updated MQ SSL certificate, restart the <ph
          conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"/> process.</cmd>
        <info>For more information about restarting the <ph
          conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"/> process, see <xref
          href="ad00131_.dita"
          >Starting, restarting and stopping the MQ Connectivity process by using REST Administration APIs</xref>.</info>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <example>
      <p>The following example shows the PUT method to copy <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"
        /> key database file <filepath>mqconnectivity.kdb</filepath> and password stash file <filepath>mqconnectivity.sth</filepath> to <filepath>/tmp/userfiles</filepath> in <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
        /> by using cURL:<codeblock>curl -X PUT -T mqconnectivity.kdb http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/file/mqconnectivity.kdb
</codeblock><codeblock>curl -X PUT -T mqconnectivity.sth http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/file/mqconnectivity.sth
</codeblock><?Pub Caret 104?></p>
      <p>The following example shows a POST method to create an MQ SSL certificate by using cURL. <codeblock>
curl -X POST \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json'  \
  -d '{
       "MQCertificate":{
         "MQSSLKey": "mqconnectivity.kdb",
         "MQStashPassword": "mqconnectivity.sth"
       }
     }
  ' \
http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/configuration</codeblock> The following shows an example response to the POST method.<codeblock>
{        
  "Version": "v1",
  "Code": "CWLNA6011",
  "Message": "The requested configuration change has completed successfully."
}
</codeblock></p>
    </example>
    <postreq>
      <p>You can check that the configuration of the MQ SSL certificate is as expected by using the <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPI"
        /> GET method. For more information about using the GET method to check the configuration of the MQ SSL certificate, see <xref
        href="dv00040.dita"/>.</p>
    </postreq>
  </taskbody>
</task>
