<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002--><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?><?Pub Inc?><task id="ad00091_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> server
connection channel</title>
<shortdesc>To send messages between <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> and <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" />, you must configure
a server connection channel. </shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context> <p>This task details the steps that are required to configure
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> server
connection channel on distributed platforms. For more information
about how to configure the server connection channel on <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm>, see <xref href="ad00093_.dita" />.</p><p>You
can use an existing server connection channel, but a new channel provides
the following benefits:<ul>
<li>Active <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> channels
can be easily identified on the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> queue manager.</li>
<li>The connection between <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> and <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> can be explicitly
secured.</li>
<li>CHLAUTH records can be created to map the user ID of the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> requests to an
appropriate user ID on the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> system.</li>
</ul></p><p>These steps take place on the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> system.</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Create a server-connection channel for the queue manager, by using the <cmdname>DEFINE
CHANNEL</cmdname> MQSC command:</cmd><info><ul>
<li>To create a server-connection channel for an unsecured <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> connection:<p><codeph>runmqsc
<varname>qmgrName</varname></codeph></p><p><codeph>DEFINE CHANNEL(<varname>channelName</varname>)
CHLTYPE(SVRCONN) TRPTYPE(TCP)</codeph></p></li>
<li>To create a server-connection channel for an SSL secured <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> connection:<p><codeph>runmqsc
<varname>qmgrName</varname></codeph></p><p><codeph>DEFINE CHANNEL(<varname>channelName</varname>)
CHLTYPE(SVRCONN) TRPTYPE(TCP) SSLCIPH(<varname>SSLCipherSpec</varname>)</codeph></p></li>
</ul><note>When you create the server-connection channel, ensure that you specify a value of at
least 1 for the <parmname>SHARECNV</parmname> parameter. </note><p><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> uses the server-connection channel to connect to
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/>.</p>For more information about the
<cmdname>DEFINE CHANNEL</cmdname> command and the options available, including the valid values of
<varname>SSLCipherSpec</varname>, see <xref
href="http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSFKSJ_7.5.0/com.ibm.mq.ref.adm.doc/q085520_.htm"
scope="external" format="html">DEFINE CHANNEL</xref> in the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> documentation.</info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Make a note of the server-connection channel name, and which queue manager the channel is
associated with. If applicable, make a note of the <varname>SSLCipherSpec</varname> value
used.</cmd><info>
<p>The name of the server-connection channel is used when you create a queue manager connection by
using either the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>, or the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST Administration APIs. The name is also used
when you authorize <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> to connect to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/>.</p>
</info></step>
<step><cmd>If you are not using an existing listener definition, then
define and start a listener on the queue manager by using the <cmdname>DEFINE
LISTENER</cmdname> MQSC command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>runmqsc <varname>qmgrName</varname></codeph></p><p><codeph>DEFINE
LISTENER (<varname>listenerName</varname>) TRPTYPE(TCP) CONTROL(QMGR)
PORT(<varname>portNumber</varname>)</codeph></p><p><codeph>START LISTENER
(<varname>listenerName</varname>)</codeph></p><p>The listener enables
the server to detect incoming network requests from <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" />. Each queue manager
on the same system must listen on a different port number.</p><p>For more information about the <cmdname>DEFINE LISTENER</cmdname> MQSC command and the options available, see <xref href="http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSFKSJ_7.5.0/com.ibm.mq.ref.adm.doc/q085630_.htm" scope="external" format="html">DEFINE LISTENER</xref> in the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> documentation.</p></info>
</step>
<step id="MakeANoteOfThePortNumberOfTheListen"><cmd>Make a note of
the port number of the listener, and which queue manager the listener
is associated with.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>If you are using an SSL connection, you must configure <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> security by creating
key repositories and certificates:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>For a step-by-step guide to configuring <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> security by using
self-signed certificates, see <xref href="ad00108_.dita" />.</choice>
<choice>For a step-by-step guide to configuring <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> security by using
CA certificates, see <xref href="ad00109_.dita" />.</choice>
</choices>
</step>
<stepsection><p>By default, <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> attempts to connect
to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> by using
the user ID <codeph>admin</codeph>. You can make the connection more
secure. The following steps use a CHLAUTH rule to secure the server
connection channel. The steps also map the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> user ID to a
user ID on the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> system:</p></stepsection>
<step><cmd>Authorize <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> to
connect securely to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> queue manager:</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep id="1"><cmd>Obtain a user ID on the system your queue manager
is running on. The user ID must not be a privileged administrative
user. This user ID is the authority under which <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> runs on the queue
manager.</cmd></substep>
<substep id="2"><cmd>Create a channel authentication record for each <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> IP address. Each
channel authentication record must allow only the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> server IP address
to use the server-connection channel that was created to connect <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> and <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" />:</cmd><info><p><codeph>runmqsc <varname>qmgrName</varname></codeph></p><p><codeph>SET
CHLAUTH(<varname>ChannelName</varname>) TYPE(ADDRESSMAP) ADDRESS(<varname>IPAddress</varname>)
MCAUSER('<varname>userIDcreatedInStepa</varname>')</codeph></p>Where:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt><varname>ChannelName</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the server-connection channel name that was created
to connect <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> and <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" />.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>IPAddress</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the IP address of <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" />.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>userIDcreatedInStepa</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the user ID created in step <xref format="dita" href="ad00091_.dita#ad00091_/1" scope="local" type="substep">a</xref> that
is the authority under which <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> runs on the queue
manager.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></info></substep>
<substep id="4"><cmd>Grant general <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> access to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> user ID created
in step <xref format="dita" href="ad00091_.dita#ad00091_/1" scope="local" type="substep">a</xref>:</cmd><info><p><codeph>runmqsc <varname>qmgrName</varname></codeph></p><p><codeph>SET
AUTHREC OBJTYPE(QMGR) PRINCIPAL('<varname>userIDcreatedInStepa</varname>')
AUTHADD(CONNECT, INQ, DSP)</codeph></p>Where:<dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>userIDcreatedInStepa</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the user ID created in step <xref format="dita" href="ad00091_.dita#ad00091_/1" scope="local" type="substep">a</xref> that
is the authority under which <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> runs on the queue
manager.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></info></substep>
<substep><cmd>Grant authority for the user ID created in step <xref format="dita" href="ad00091_.dita#ad00091_/1" scope="local" type="substep">a</xref> to issue requests to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" />:</cmd><info><p><codeph>runmqsc <varname>qmgrName</varname></codeph></p><p><codeph>SET
AUTHREC PROFILE('SYSTEM.DEFAULT.MODEL.QUEUE') OBJTYPE(QUEUE) PRINCIPAL('<varname>userIDcreatedInStepa</varname>')
AUTHADD(DSP, GET)</codeph></p><p><codeph>SET AUTHREC PROFILE('SYSTEM.ADMIN.COMMAND.QUEUE')
OBJTYPE(QUEUE) PRINCIPAL('<varname>userIDcreatedInStepa</varname>')
AUTHADD(DSP, PUT)</codeph></p>Where:<dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>userIDcreatedInStepa</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the user ID created in step <xref format="dita" href="ad00091_.dita#ad00091_/1" scope="local" type="substep">a</xref> that
is the authority under which <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> runs on the queue
manager.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></info></substep>
<substep><cmd>Grant authority for the user ID created in step <xref format="dita" href="ad00091_.dita#ad00091_/1" scope="local" type="substep">a</xref> to create a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> queue for <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> synchronization
records.</cmd><info><p>To synchronize the transfer of messages between <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> and <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" />, a queue is created
with a name that starts <codeph>SYSTEM.IMA</codeph>. This queue is
used to store messages as they are transferred between <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> and <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" />.</p><p><codeph>runmqsc <varname>qmgrName</varname></codeph></p><p><codeph>SET
AUTHREC PROFILE('SYSTEM.IMA.*') OBJTYPE(QUEUE) PRINCIPAL('<varname>userIDcreatedInStepa</varname>')
AUTHADD(CRT, PUT, GET, BROWSE)</codeph></p><p><codeph>SET AUTHREC
PROFILE('SYSTEM.DEFAULT.LOCAL.QUEUE') OBJTYPE(QUEUE) PRINCIPAL('<varname>userIDcreatedInStepa</varname>')
AUTHADD(DSP)</codeph></p>Where:<dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>userIDcreatedInStepa</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the user ID created in step <xref format="dita" href="ad00091_.dita#ad00091_/1" scope="local" type="substep">a</xref> that
is the authority under which <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> runs on the queue
manager.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></info></substep>
<substep id="5"><cmd>For each mapping rule that maps to or from a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> topic, you must
create a topic object and grant specific authorities to it. For each
mapping rule that maps to or from a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> queue, you must
create the queue and grant specific authorities to it.</cmd><info><ul>
<li>For queues, use the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> MQSC commands <cmdname>DEFINE QLOCAL</cmdname> and <cmdname>SET AUTHREC</cmdname>:<p><codeph>runmqsc <varname>qmgrName</varname></codeph></p><p><codeph>DEFINE QLOCAL(<varname>queueName</varname>)</codeph></p><p><codeph>SET AUTHREC PROFILE(<varname>queueName</varname>) OBJTYPE(QUEUE) PRINCIPAL('<varname>userIDcreatedInStepa</varname>') AUTHADD(<varname>authorization</varname>)</codeph></p>Where:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt><varname>queueName</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> queue.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt><varname>userIDcreatedInStepa</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the user ID created in step <xref format="dita" href="ad00091_.dita#ad00091_/1" scope="local" type="substep">a</xref> that is the authority under which <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> runs on the queue manager.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt><varname>authorization</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the put and get authorities to give to the queue. This value can be one of the following values:<ul>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>PUT</dt>
<dd>Grants put authority.</dd>
<dd>This authority is needed when the destination of a destination mapping rule is a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> queue.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>GET</dt>
<dd>Grants get authority.</dd>
<dd>This authority is needed when the source of a destination mapping rule is a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> queue.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
</ul></dd>
</dlentry>
</dl></li>
<li>For topics, use the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> MQSC commands <cmdname>DEFINE TOPIC</cmdname> and <cmdname>SET AUTHREC</cmdname>: <p><codeph>runmqsc <varname>qmgrName</varname></codeph></p><p><codeph>DEFINE TOPIC(<varname>topicObjectName</varname>) TOPICSTR(<varname>topicString</varname>)</codeph></p><p><codeph>SET AUTHREC PROFILE(<varname>topicObjectName</varname>) OBJTYPE(TOPIC) PRINCIPAL('<varname>userIDcreatedInStepa</varname>') AUTHADD(<varname>authorization</varname>)</codeph></p>Where:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt><varname>topicObjectName</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> topic object.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt><varname>topicString</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the topic string that you want to set authorization for.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt><varname>userIDcreatedInStepa</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the user ID created in step <xref format="dita" href="ad00091_.dita#ad00091_/1" scope="local" type="substep">a</xref> that is the authority under which <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> runs on the queue manager.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt><varname>authorization</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the publish and subscribe authorities to give to the topic. This value can be one of the following values: <ul>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt><codeph>PUB, DSP</codeph></dt>
<dd>Grants publish authority.</dd>
<dd>The display (DSP) authority allows <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> to inquire about the attributes of the topic object. This authority is necessary for <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> to publish messages.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt><codeph>SUB, CTRL</codeph></dt>
<dd>Grants subscribe and control authority. </dd>
<dd>The control (CTRL) authority allows <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> to delete the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> subscriptions on <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" />. The authority to delete subscriptions is required when the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> server is restarted.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
</ul></dd>
</dlentry>
</dl></li>
</ul>For more information about <cmdname>DEFINE TOPIC</cmdname>, <cmdname>DEFINE QLOCAL</cmdname>, and <cmdname>SET AUTHREC</cmdname>, see the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> documentation topics <xref href="http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSFKSJ_7.5.0/com.ibm.mq.ref.adm.doc/q085710_.htm" scope="external" format="html">DEFINE QLOCAL</xref>, <xref href="http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSFKSJ_7.5.0/com.ibm.mq.ref.adm.doc/q085770_.htm" scope="external" type="html" format="html">DEFINE TOPIC</xref>, and <xref href="http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSFKSJ_7.5.0/com.ibm.mq.ref.adm.doc/q086620_.htm" scope="external" type="html" format="html">SET AUTHREC</xref>.<note>It is possible to get an <codeph>MQRC_NOT_AUTHORIZED</codeph> error when you attempt to publish or subscribe to a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> topic at or below a topic node that has a retained message. This error occurs after the queue manager is restarted. To resolve this problem, contact your <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> service representative about the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> APAR IV45712.</note></info></substep>
<substep id="7"><cmd>For each <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> topic object
that you create, you must decide what happens when a message cannot
be delivered to a subscriber. For persistent messages, you must set
the <parmname>PMSGDLV</parmname> attribute of the topic object. For
non-persistent messages, you must set the <parmname>NPMSGDLV</parmname> attribute
of the topic object. There are four possible values for these attributes:</cmd>
<info><ul>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>ALLAVAIL</dt>
<dd>The message is delivered to all subscribers that are able to receive it. No error is reported
            for any subscribers that do not receive the message. Therefore, the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> server does not know whether some
            subscribers do not receive the message, and does not try to send the message again. If
            there is only one subscriber, and that subscriber cannot receive the message, then the
            message is discarded, even if it is a persistent message.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>ALL</dt>
<dd>The message must be delivered to all subscribers. If a message is not delivered, the
            corresponding destination mapping rule is disabled and rolls back any messages that are
            in transit. The mapping rule does not operate, but all the messages are stored on the
            server.</dd>
<dd>When the destination mapping rule is disabled, the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" /> reports the reason as <codeph>MQRC_PUBLICATION_FAILURE</codeph>. This error typically occurs when there is a problem with the subscriber queue. The queue might be full, or the message might be larger than the<parmname> MAXMSGL</parmname> attribute of the queue.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>ALLDUR</dt>
<dd>The message must be delivered to all durable subscribers. If a durable subscriber is not available to receive the message, the corresponding destination mapping rule is disabled.</dd>
<dd>When the destination mapping rule is disabled, the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" /> reports the reason as <codeph>MQRC_PUBLICATION_FAILURE</codeph>. This error typically occurs when there is a problem with the subscriber queue. The queue might be full, or the message might be larger than the<parmname> MAXMSGL</parmname> attribute of the queue.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>ASPARENT</dt>
<dd>The behavior of the topic object is defined by the parent topic.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
</ul>You can use the <cmdname>ALTER TOPIC</cmdname> MQSC command to set the attribute values. For more information, see <xref href="http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSFKSJ_7.5.0/com.ibm.mq.ref.adm.doc/q085430_.htm" scope="external" format="html">ALTER TOPIC</xref>, in the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> v7.5 documentation.</info>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<stepsection>If you are configuring connection between <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> and <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> version 8.0,
avoid authentication of <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> in <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" />:</stepsection>
<step><cmd>Either use an unprivileged user ID, or amend the authentication
configuration of the queue manager. You can amend the <parmname>CHCKCLNT</parmname> attribute
in the CHLAUTH record. However, it is not recommended to allow general
unauthenticated access to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" />.</cmd></step><?Pub Caret 239?>
</steps>
<example><p>This example demonstrates the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> setup to allow
messages to be forwarded from <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> to a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> topic <codeph>MQROOT/LEVEL1</codeph>.
This example does not use a secure SSL connection.</p><ol>
<li>Create a server-connection channel that is called <codeph>SYSTEM.MSG.SVRCONN</codeph> for <codeph>QM1</codeph>,
by using the <cmdname>DEFINE CHANNEL</cmdname> MQSC command:<p><codeph>runmqsc
QM1</codeph></p><p><codeph>DEFINE CHANNEL(SYSTEM.MSG.SVRCONN) CHLTYPE(SVRCONN)
TRPTYPE(TCP)</codeph></p></li>
<li>The server-connection channel name is <codeph>SYSTEM.MSG.SVRCONN</codeph>,
and it is associated with <codeph>QM1</codeph>.</li>
<li>Start a listener <codeph>MSGLISTENER</codeph> on port <codeph>1414</codeph> for
queue manager <codeph>QM1</codeph>:<p><codeph>runmqsc QM1</codeph></p><p><codeph>DEFINE
LISTENER (MSGLISTENER) TRPTYPE(TCP) CONTROL(QMGR) PORT(1414)</codeph></p><p><codeph>START
LISTENER (MSGLISTENER)</codeph></p></li>
<li>The port number is <codeph>1414</codeph>, and it is associated
with <codeph>QM1</codeph>.</li>
<li>Authorize <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> to
connect securely to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> queue manager:<ol>
<li>Obtain a user ID on the system <codeph>QM1</codeph> is running
on. In this example, the user ID <codeph>MSG</codeph> is used.</li>
<li>Create a channel authentication record that allows only the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> IP address <codeph>192.0.2.1</codeph> to
use the server-connection channel <codeph>SYSTEM.MSG.SVRCONN</codeph>:<p><codeph>runmqsc
QM1</codeph></p><p><codeph>SET CHLAUTH(SYSTEM.MSG.SVRCONN) TYPE(ADDRESSMAP)
ADDRESS(192.0.2.1) MCAUSER('MSG')</codeph></p></li>
<li>Grant general <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> access
to the user ID <codeph>MSG</codeph>:<p><codeph>runmqsc QM1</codeph></p><p><codeph>SET
AUTHREC OBJTYPE(QMGR) PRINCIPAL('MSG') AUTHADD(CONNECT, INQ, DSP)</codeph></p></li>
<li>Grant authority for the user ID <codeph>MSG</codeph> to issue
requests to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" />:<p><codeph>runmqsc
QM1</codeph></p><p><codeph>SET AUTHREC PROFILE('SYSTEM.DEFAULT.MODEL.QUEUE')
OBJTYPE(QUEUE) PRINCIPAL('MSG') AUTHADD(DSP, GET)</codeph></p><p><codeph>SET
AUTHREC PROFILE('SYSTEM.ADMIN.COMMAND.QUEUE') OBJTYPE(QUEUE) PRINCIPAL('MSG')
AUTHADD(DSP, PUT)</codeph></p></li>
<li>Grant authority for the user ID <codeph>MSG</codeph> to create
a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> queue for <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> synchronization
records:<p><codeph>runmqsc QM1</codeph></p><p><codeph>SET AUTHREC
PROFILE('SYSTEM.IMA.*') OBJTYPE(QUEUE) PRINCIPAL('MSG') AUTHADD(CRT,
PUT, GET, BROWSE)</codeph></p><p><codeph>SET AUTHREC PROFILE('SYSTEM.DEFAULT.LOCAL.QUEUE')
OBJTYPE(QUEUE) PRINCIPAL('MSG') AUTHADD(DSP)</codeph></p></li>
<li>Grant publish authority to <codeph>MQROOT/LEVEL1</codeph>: <p><codeph>runmqsc
QM1</codeph></p><p><codeph>DEFINE TOPIC(MSGTOPIC.QM1) TOPICSTR(MQROOT/LEVEL1)</codeph></p><p><codeph>SET
AUTHREC PROFILE(MSGTOPIC.QM1) OBJTYPE(TOPIC) PRINCIPAL('MSG') AUTHADD(PUB,
DSP)</codeph></p></li>
</ol></li>
</ol></example>
<postreq><p>After you configure the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> server connection
channel, you must configure the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> queue manager
connections and destination mapping rules.</p><p>If you are creating a secured connection, you must enter the same
<varname>SSLCipherSpec</varname> value for the <parmname>SSLCipherSpec</parmname> variable as you
specified when you created the server-connection channel.</p><p>For more information
about configuring queue manager connections, see <xref href="ad00113_.dita" />.</p><p>For more information about configuring
destination mapping rules, see <xref href="ad00110_.dita" />.</p></postreq>
</taskbody>
<?tm 1413224003 2?>
</task><?Pub *0000024537?>
