<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="ad00113_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring queue manager connections</title>
<shortdesc>To connect <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> queue managers,
you must create queue manager connections. Each queue manager connection
specifies the connection details for one queue manager.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>You can create, edit, or delete queue manager connections by using either the <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> or <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>.</p>
<p>When you create a queue manager connection, you must specify the following components: <ul>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Name</dt>
<dd>The name specifies a label that identifies the queue manager connection.</dd>
<dd>The name must not have leading or trailing spaces and cannot contain control characters, commas, double quotation marks, backslashes, or equal signs. The first character must not be a number or any of the following special characters: <p><codeph>! # $ % &amp; ' ( ) * + - . / : ; &lt; > ? @</codeph></p></dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Queue manager</dt>
<dd>Specify one <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"
/> queue manager to connect to.</dd>
<dd>The name must match the name of a queue manager on <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/>, and is case-sensitive.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Connection name</dt>
<dd>The connection name specifies the connection details for the queue manager. The connection name consists of the IP address or host name, and optionally, the port number, of a <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"
/> server. If a port number is not specified, the default value of 1414 is used. For multi-instance queue managers, you can specify more than one <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"
/> server by entering the IP addresses or host names in a comma-separated list.</dd>
<dd>For a connection name with a port number, you must specify the port number in parentheses. For example: <codeph>10.0.0.127(1415)</codeph></dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Channel name</dt>
<dd>The channel name specifies the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"
/> server-connection channel to use for the queue manager connection. The server-connection channel must be defined in <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/>. </dd>
<dd>The name that is specified must match the name of the server-connection channel that is defined in <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"
/> for the queue manager that is used in the queue manager connection. See <xref format="dita"
href="ad00091_.dita" scope="local" type="task"/>.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
</ul></p>
<p>You can also specify the following components:<ul>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>SSL cipher spec</dt>
<dd>The SSL cipher spec specifies the SSL cipher specification that <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> uses to connect to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/>.</dd>
<dd>The cipher spec specified must match the cipher spec that is defined in <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"
/> for the queue manager that is used in the queue manager connection.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Channel User Name</dt>
<dd>Specifies the user name to provide to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"
/> Connectivity channel authentication.</dd>
<dd>The maximum length of the name is 1024 characters.</dd>
<dd>If you specify a channel user name, you must also specify a channel user password.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Channel User Password</dt>
<dd>Specifies the password to provide to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"
/> Connectivity channel authentication</dd>
<dd>The maximum length of the password is 256 characters.</dd>
<dd>You must specify a channel user password if you specify a channel user name.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>MQ SSL Key</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the key database file.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>MQ Stash Password</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the password stash file.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
</ul></p>
<p>For more information about configuring a queue manager connection by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>, see <xref href="ad00117_.dita"/>.</p>
<p>For more information about configuring a queue manager connection by using <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>, see <xref href="ad00119_.dita"/>.</p>
<section><title>Deleting queue manager connections with unfinished
transactions</title><p><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> uses
a two-phase commit, transactional protocol to ensure that messages
are transferred reliably and without duplication. As a result, if
either <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>, or <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> stops abruptly
there might be unfinished transactions on the systems. <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> automatically
detects this situation when communication is re-established and the
transaction is completed. </p><p>If you attempt to delete a queue
manager connection that has an incomplete transaction, <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> notifies you
of the unfinished transaction. Ensure that the queue manager in question
is running so that <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> can
connect to it and resolve the transaction. If it is impossible to
re-establish contact with that queue manager, you can force the queue
manager connection to be deleted. When the queue manager connection
is deleted, the unfinished transaction is rolled back.</p><?Pub Caret -2?></section>
</conbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00110_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00102_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00091_.dita"></link>
</related-links>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000005242?>
