<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00402_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Automatically configuring appliances as an HA pair by using
the command line</title>
<shortdesc>Configure an appliance to run as an HA pair so that another
appliance is available as backup. System administrators can configure
a pair of appliances for high availability by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>HighAvailability</cmdname> commands
on the command line.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq>The two <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> appliances
must be physically connected. For more information about connecting
appliances, see <xref format="dita" href="ad00400_.dita" scope="local"
type="concept">Configuring the system for High Availability</xref>.
The administrative state (AdminState) of the two appliances must also
be enabled. Use the <cmdname>enable ethernet-interface</cmdname> or <cmdname>edit
ethernet-interface</cmdname> command to enable the administrative
state of the appliances.</prereq><?Pub Caret -1?>
<context><p>You can configure appliances for high availability by
using the command line or by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>. For more
information about using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> to configure
appliances for high availability, see <xref format="dita"
href="ad00901_.dita" scope="local" type="task"></xref>. </p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>On Appliance A, configure the primary appliance for high
availability, by entering the following command:</cmd><info><note>The
command must be capitalized as shown.</note><p><codeph><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> update
HighAvailability "EnableHA=True" </codeph> <codeph>"Group=<varname>Group</varname>"</codeph> <codeph>"PreferredPrimary=True"</codeph></p><p>Where:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt><varname>Group</varname></dt>
<dd>Group is used to automatically configure appliances to pair with
each other. </dd>
<dd>The value must be the same on both appliances. </dd>
<dd>The value can be a maximum of 128 characters.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p></info></step>
<step><cmd>On Appliance B enter the following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> update
HighAvailability "EnableHA=True" </codeph> <codeph>"Group=<varname>Group</varname>"</codeph> </p><p>Where:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt><varname>Group</varname></dt>
<dd>Group is used to automatically configure appliances to pair with
each other. </dd>
<dd>This value must match the value on Appliance A.</dd>
<dd>The value can be a maximum of 128 characters.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p></info></step>
<step><cmd>Clean the store on Appliance B only.</cmd><info> Failing
to do so causes both nodes to go into maintenance mode. Enter the
following commands:<codeblock><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> runmode maintenance
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> stop
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> start
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> runmode clean_store
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> stop
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> start</codeblock></info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Change Appliance B to production mode.</cmd><info><codeblock><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> runmode production</codeblock></info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Stop and then restart the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> servers on both
of the appliances.</cmd><info><note type="tip">As a best practice,
stop and restart the standby server first. Then, stop and restart
the primary to limit the amount of time that the primary spends waiting
for the standby to become available.</note></info><info><codeblock>imaserver stop
imaserver start</codeblock></info></step>
</steps>
<postreq><p>You can view high availability configuration details of
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> appliance
by using the <cmdname>imaserver show HighAvailability</cmdname> command.</p><p>You can view information about the high availability role of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> appliance by using the <cmdname>imaserver
status</cmdname> command.</p></postreq>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="../Troubleshooting/tr00013_.dita" scope="local"
type="task"></link>
<link format="dita" href="../Troubleshooting/tr00007_.dita" scope="local"
type="task"></link>
<link format="dita" href="ad00280_.dita" scope="local" type="concept">
</link>
<link format="dita"
href="../Reference/ApplianceCmd/cmd_imaserver_status.dita" scope="local"
type="reference"></link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000005048?>
