<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00124_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Editing a destination mapping rule by using the command line</title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can edit a destination mapping rule
by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>update
DestinationMappingRule</cmdname> command.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context>You can edit a destination mapping rule by using the command
line, or by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>. For more
information about using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> to edit a
destination mapping rule, see <xref href="ad00114_.dita"></xref>.<note> You
can edit the <codeph>MaxMessages</codeph> and <codeph>RetainedMessages</codeph> fields
while the destination mapping rule is enabled. To edit the other fields,
the rule must be disabled by using the <codeph>"Enabled=False"</codeph> flag.
After the rule is edited, you must re-enable the rule to use it. For
more information about enabling destination mapping rules, see <xref
href="ad00116_.dita"></xref>.</note></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>To edit a destination mapping rule, enter the following
command:</cmd><info><note>The command must be capitalized as shown,
and must use the double quotation marks as shown.</note><p><codeph><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> update
DestinationMappingRule "Name=<varname>DMRname</varname>" "QueueManagerConnection=<varname>QMCname</varname>"
"RuleType=<varname>RuleNumber</varname>" "Source=<varname>SourceString</varname>"
"Destination=<varname>DestinationString</varname>" "MaxMessages=<varname>MsgCount</varname>"
"RetainedMessages=<varname>Retained</varname>" "Enabled=False"</codeph></p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>DMRname</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the destination mapping rule you want to
edit.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>QMCname</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the name of one or more queue manager connections. The
queue manager connections identify which queue managers the rule maps
to. You can specify more than one queue manager connection by using
a comma-separated list.</dd>
<dd>To preserve the order of the messages, you must use only one queue
manager connection for each destination mapping rule. If you create
multiple destination mapping rules with the same destination, but
which use different queue manager connections, the message order is
not preserved.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>RuleNumber</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the new rule type that you want to use.<p>The rule type
can be any of the values that are detailed in the following table:<table
conref="ad00110_.dita#ad00110_/ruleTypes"><title></title><desc> <p
outputclass="summary"></p> </desc>
<tgroup cols="2"><colspec colname="col1"/><colspec colname="col2"/>
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Header</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Header</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"></entry>
<entry colname="col2"></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table></p><note> With rule type 9, a mapping that results in an<ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> topic string
with more than 32 levels cannot be mapped correctly because <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> has a maximum
topic level of 32. In cases where the level limit is exceeded, the
messages are handled as follows: <ul>
<li>For non-persistent messages, the message is discarded. </li>
<li>For persistent messages, the message is retained in a loop between <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> and <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>. In this instance,
no further messages can be sent on the affected rule until the looped
message is removed from the queue manager.</li>
</ul> </note></dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>SourceString</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the new source topic string or queue for the rule.</dd>
<dd>The source that is specified must follow the naming rules for
the source type.</dd>
<dd>For <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> queues,
the value can contain characters in the ranges a-z, A-Z, and 0-9,
and any of the following characters:<codeph>% . /  _</codeph></dd>
<dd>For <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>,
the value must not have leading or trailing spaces and cannot contain
control characters, commas, double quotation marks, backslashes or
equal signs. The first character must not be a number, quotation mark,
or any of the following special characters: <codeph>! # $ % &amp;
( ) * + , - . / : ; &lt; = > ? @"</codeph></dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>DestinationString</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the destination topic string or queue for the rule.</dd>
<dd>The destination that is specified must follow the naming rules
for the destination type.</dd>
<dd>For <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> queues,
the value can contain characters in the ranges a-z, A-Z, and 0-9,
and any of the following characters:<codeph>% . /  _</codeph></dd>
<dd>For <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>,
the value must not have leading or trailing spaces and cannot contain
control characters, commas, double quotation marks, backslashes or
equal signs. The first character must not be a number, quotation mark,
or any of the following special characters: <codeph>! # $ % &amp;
( ) * + , - . / : ; &lt; = > ? @"</codeph></dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>MsgCount</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the maximum number of messages that can be buffered
for a destination mapping rule. </dd>
<dd>This option is valid only for destination mapping rules from <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> topics to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph>. That is, rule
types 1, 2, 5, 6, and 7.</dd>
<dd>The value must be in the range 1-20000000. The default value is
5000. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Retained</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies which messages are forwarded as to a topic as retained
messages.</dd>
<dd>This parameter overrides the retained message setting of the original
message publisher.</dd>
<dd>This option is only valid for destination mapping rules that forward
messages to a topic or topic subtree.</dd>
<dd>This value can be one of the following values:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>All</dt>
<dd>All messages are forwarded to the topic as retained messages.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>None</dt>
<dd>No messages are forwarded to the topic as retained messages.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></dd>
<dd><note>If you change this value to <codeph>None</codeph> while
the destination mapping rule is enabled, messages continue to flow.
Therefore, it is not possible to know which message is the last message
that is retained.</note></dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></info></step>
</steps>
<example><p>This example demonstrates editing a destination mapping
rule called <codeph>exampleRule</codeph>. It updates the value of <codeph>MaxMessages</codeph> to
6000, and then re-enables the rule.</p><screen><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> update DestinationMappingRule "Name=exampleRule" "MaxMessages=6000" "Enabled=False"
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> update DestinationMappingRule "Name=exampleRule" "Enabled=True"
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph>
</screen><?Pub Caret 155?></example>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00123_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00116_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00118_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00128_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00125_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00091_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00102_.dita"></link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1354636336 0?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000008399?>
