<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ba00007_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Installing a new level of firmware on an appliance</title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>System administrators can install new levels of firmware
for an <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> appliance
by using the <cmdname>firmware upgrade</cmdname> command on the command
line. </shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq>Ensure that you are aware of any migration considerations.
For more information about migration considerations, see <xref
format="dita" href="../Planning/pl00001_.dita" scope="local"
type="concept"></xref>. It is good practice to create a backup of
the current <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> configuration
and store data before installing a new level of firmware; if you subsequently
need to revert the level of firmware, this data is required for the
rollback operation.<note type="important">The appliance is rebooted
as part of this operation, so network connectivity is disrupted while
the appliance restarts. In some cases, the installation of a new level
of firmware requires a considerable amount of time.</note></prereq>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Use the <cmdname>file get</cmdname> command to transfer
the image file from a remote location to the appliance:</cmd><info><p><codeph>file
get <varname>url</varname> <varname>localfile</varname>.scrypt2</codeph></p></info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Enter the following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>firmware
upgrade <varname>localfile</varname>.scrypt2</codeph></p>Where:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt><varname>localfile</varname></dt>
<dd>The scrypt2 file name of the firmware image to be installed. In SoftLayer virtual server and Amazon EC2 environments, the file extension is <codeph>.slscrypt2</codeph></dd>
</dlentry></dl><note><ul>
<li>You cannot use the firmware upgrade command to change from a later
version to an earlier version.</li>
<li>After a firmware upgrade, clear your browser cache to ensure that
the latest <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> pages
are used. If your browser was open during the upgrade, you must restart
the browser to ensure that the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> can connect
to the appliance.</li>
<li>After a firmware upgrade from version 1.1 or earlier, change your
administrator password.</li>
<li>After a firmware upgrade, log in to the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> to accept
the licenses. </li>
</ul></note></info></step>
</steps>
<example>The following example shows a firmware upgrade command:<screen><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> file get scp://user1@example.com:~/dev.scrypt2 newfirmware.scrypt2
user1@example.com's password: 
dev.scrypt2                           100%  136MB  34.0MB/s   00:04    
Wrote 142553856 bytes to local storage
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph>
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> firmware upgrade newfirmware.scrypt2
Upgrading firmware...
CWZBR00061I: Verifying image signature and decrypting content...
CWZBR00065I: Extracting firmware from image...
CWZBR00062I: Executing dynamic loader...
CWZBR00061I: Verifying image signature and decrypting content...
CWZBR00064I: Validating image type...
CWZBR00065I: Extracting firmware from image...
CWZBR00066I: Extracting firmware manifest and checking licenses...
CWZBR00067I: Executing pre-installation...
CWZBR00068I: Deleting previous installation...
CWZBR00069I: Linking common files...
CWZBR00070I: Extracting files...
CWZBR00071I: Verifying installation...
CWZBR00072I: Copying configuration from existing installation...
CWZBR00075I: Starting component firmware upgrade. This may take a considerable amount of time 
(in some cases more than 2 hours). *** DO NOT POWER OFF OR REBOOT.***...
CWZBR00073I: Switching to new installation...
Upgrade or rollback succeeded. Rebooting... </screen></example>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="ad00652_.dita" scope="local" type="task">
</link>
<link format="dita" href="../Reference/CommonCmd/fun_fileget.dita"
scope="local" type="reference"></link>
<link format="dita" href="../Reference/FirmwareCmd/fun_fwupg.dita"
scope="local" type="reference"></link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1413223995 0?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000004416?>
