<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="ad00054_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> scenario
5: Fan in per device request-reply</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>In this scenario, an <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic subtree
is mapped to a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic subtree for requests. The
messages that are put on topics in the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic
subtree are forwarded to the equivalent <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic
subtree for requests. A different <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic subtree
is mapped to a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic subtree for responses.
Messages that are put on topics in the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic
subtree are forwarded to the equivalent <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic
subtree for responses.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<section><title>Background to this scenario</title><p>This <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> scenario
extends the basic <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> fan-in
per device request-reply end-to-end scenario.</p><p>In this scenario,
the intranet store system is replaced by <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph>. Request messages
are sent from the internet applications in the same way as the basic
scenario. <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> forwards
the messages on to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> topics. <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> sends response
messages to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>,
which are forwarded to the appropriate internet applications.</p><p>You
must complete the steps in <xref format="dita"
href="../Scenarios/sc00005_.dita" scope="local"></xref> to set up
the basic scenario before you implement the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> extension.</p></section>
<section><title>Planning and implementing the solution</title><dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Plan your solution</dt>
<dd>In this scenario, consider the following key points:<ul>
<li><p>What type of destination mapping rule do you need?</p><p>Destination
mapping rules identify the source and destination of a message. The
source is either an <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> topic,
topic subtree, or queue, or a <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> topic, topic
subtree, or queue. Similarly, the destination is either an <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> topic, topic
subtree, or queue, or a <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> topic, topic
subtree, or queue. For more information about the different rule types,
see <xref href="ad00110_.dita"></xref>.</p><p>In this scenario, request
messages are sent from many internet applications to many topics in
a subtree. This subtree must be preserved when messages are forwarded.
Therefore, the following rule is required: <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> topic subtree
to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> topic
subtree.</p><p>Response messages are sent from many <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> topics in a subtree.
This subtree must be preserved when the messages are forwarded to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>. Therefore, the
following rule is also required: <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> topic subtree
to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> topic
subtree.</p></li>
<li><p>Is the order of messages important?</p><p>If the order that
messages arrive in is important to your solution, you must set up
your solution in a particular way. If you use multiple queue managers
to send messages, messages can be sent out of order. If you use multiple
queue managers to receive messages, messages can be received out of
order.</p><p>However, <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> cannot
handle the same volume of messages as <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>. Therefore, in
solutions that involve a high volume of messages, you can use multiple
queue managers to ensure that a backlog of messages does not build
up on <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>. If
the message backlog reaches the maximum message count that is set
on the destination mapping rule, messages cannot be sent until the
backlog reduces.</p><p>When messages are moved from <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>, <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> forwards persistent
messages within transactions, and forwards nonpersistent messages
immediately. Therefore, nonpersistent messages can be forwarded before
earlier persistent messages are forwarded within a transaction. In
this case, message order is not preserved.</p><p>When MQTT messages
are moved from <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph>, <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> forwards QoS
1 and QoS 2 messages within transactions, and forwards QoS 0 messages
immediately. Therefore, QoS 0 messages can be forwarded before earlier
QoS 1 and QoS 2 messages are forwarded within a transaction. In this
case, message order is not preserved.</p><p>When JMS messages are
moved from <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph>, <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> forwards both
JMS persistent and nonpersistent messages within transactions. If
a nonpersistent message has the ConnectionFactory property DisableACK
set, the message is forwarded immediately. Therefore, nonpersistent
JMS messages with DisableACK set can be forwarded before earlier JMS
messages are forwarded within a transaction. In this case, message
order is not preserved.</p><p>In this scenario, the order in which
request messages are received is not important, as each message is
published to a separate topic. Therefore, multiple queue managers
can be used to handle the volume of messages.</p></li>
</ul></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Write your applications</dt>
<dd>Continuing from the basic scenario, the internet applications
are set up, and publish to the topic string <codeph>Reservation/Request/<varname>clientID</varname></codeph>,
where <varname>clientID</varname> specifies the client ID of the internet
application. The internet applications are also set up to subscribe
to the topic string <codeph>Reservation/Response/<varname>clientID</varname></codeph>,
 where <varname>clientID</varname> specifies the client ID of the
internet application.</dd>
<dd>For the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> applications,
use the sample <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> applications <codeph>amqspub</codeph> and <codeph>amqssub</codeph>.</dd>
<dd>Alternatively, you can write your own <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> application.
For more information about writing <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> publish/subscribe
applications, see <xref
href="http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSFKSJ_7.5.0/com.ibm.mq.dev.doc/q026550_.htm"
scope="external">Writing publish/subscribe applications</xref> in
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> documentation.
For more information about writing <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> queuing applications,
see <xref
href="http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSFKSJ_7.5.0/com.ibm.mq.dev.doc/q025700_.htm"
scope="external">Writing a queuing application</xref> in the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> documentation.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Set up your infrastructure</dt>
<dd><ol>
<li>Set up <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph>:<ol>
<li>Create two queue manager to handle the messages. In this scenario,
the queue managers are called <codeph>ReserveQM1</codeph> and <codeph>ReserveQM2</codeph>.
From the command line of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> system, enter
the following commands:<p><codeph>crtmqm ReserveQM1</codeph></p><p><codeph>strmqm
ReserveQM1</codeph></p><p><codeph>crtmqm ReserveQM2</codeph></p><p><codeph>strmqm
ReserveQM2</codeph></p></li>
<li>Make a note of the IP address or host name of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> system. These
details are used when you create a queue manager connection.</li>
<li id="TheFollowingStepsUseMQSCCommandsWhi">The following steps use
MQSC commands, which must be run from an MQSC command prompt. From
the command line, enter the following command to start MQSC for <codeph>ReserveQM1</codeph>:<p><codeph>runmqsc
ReserveQM1</codeph></p></li>
<li>Create a server-connection channel for the queue manager. In this
scenario, the server-connection channel is called <codeph>MQ.MSG.SVRCONN</codeph>.
From the MQSC prompt, enter the following command:<p><codeph>DEFINE
CHANNEL(MQ.MSG.SVRCONN) CHLTYPE(SVRCONN) TRPTYPE(TCP)</codeph></p></li>
<li>Start a listener for the queue manager. In this scenario, the
listener is called <codeph>ReserveQL</codeph>, and listens on port
1414. From the MQSC prompt, enter the following commands:<p><codeph>DEFINE
LISTENER ('ReserveQL') TRPTYPE(TCP) CONTROL(QMGR) PORT(1414)</codeph></p><p><codeph>START
LISTENER ('ReserveQL')</codeph></p></li>
<li>Authorize <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> to
connect to the queue manager:<ol>
<li>Create a user ID on the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> system. In this
scenario, the user ID is called <codeph>MSGUSER</codeph>.</li>
<li>Create a channel authentication record that allows only the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> IP address to
use the server-connection channel that you created in step 1d. From
the MQSC prompt, enter the following command:<p><codeph>SET CHLAUTH(MQ.MSG.SVRCONN)
TYPE(ADDRESSMAP) ADDRESS(<varname>IPAddress</varname>) MCAUSER('MSGUSER')</codeph></p>Where:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt><varname>IPAddress</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the IP address of the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
               server.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li>Grant general <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> access
to <codeph>MSGUSER</codeph>. From the MQSC prompt, enter the following
commands:<p><codeph>SET AUTHREC OBJTYPE(QMGR) PRINCIPAL('MSGUSER')
AUTHADD(CONNECT, INQ, DSP)</codeph></p></li>
<li>Grant authority for the user <codeph>MSGUSER</codeph> to issue
requests to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph>:<p><codeph>SET
AUTHREC PROFILE('SYSTEM.DEFAULT.MODEL.QUEUE') OBJTYPE(QUEUE) PRINCIPAL('MSGUSER')
AUTHADD(DSP, GET)</codeph></p><p><codeph>SET AUTHREC PROFILE('SYSTEM.ADMIN.COMMAND.QUEUE')
OBJTYPE(QUEUE) PRINCIPAL('MSGUSER') AUTHADD(DSP, PUT)</codeph></p></li>
<li>Grant authority for the user <codeph>MSGUSER</codeph> to create
a queue for <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> synchronization
records:<p><codeph>SET AUTHREC PROFILE('SYSTEM.IMA.*') OBJTYPE(QUEUE)
PRINCIPAL('MSGUSER') AUTHADD(CRT, PUT, GET, BROWSE)</codeph></p><p><codeph>SET
AUTHREC PROFILE('SYSTEM.DEFAULT.LOCAL.QUEUE') OBJTYPE(QUEUE) PRINCIPAL('MSGUSER')
AUTHADD(DSP)</codeph></p></li>
</ol></li>
<li id="g">Create the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> topic
objects, and grant specific authorities to allow <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> to access the
topics. In this scenario, the request topic object is called <codeph>ReserveRequest</codeph> and
requires <codeph>SUB, CTRL</codeph> authority. The response topic
object is called <codeph>ReserveResponse</codeph> and requires <codeph>PUB,
DSP</codeph> authority. From the MQSC prompt, enter the following
commands:<p><codeph>DEFINE TOPIC('ReserveRequest') TOPICSTR('Reserve/Request')</codeph></p><p><codeph>SET
AUTHREC PROFILE('ReserveRequest') OBJTYPE(TOPIC) PRINCIPAL('MSGUSER')
AUTHADD(SUB, CTRL)</codeph></p><p><codeph>DEFINE TOPIC('ReserveResponse')
TOPICSTR('Reserve/Response')</codeph></p><p><codeph>SET AUTHREC PROFILE('ReserveResponse')
OBJTYPE(TOPIC) PRINCIPAL('MSGUSER') AUTHADD(PUB, DSP)</codeph></p></li>
<li>Repeat steps <xref format="dita"
href="ad00054_.dita#ad00054_/TheFollowingStepsUseMQSCCommandsWhi"
scope="local" type="li">c</xref> to <xref format="dita"
href="ad00054_.dita#ad00054_/g" scope="local" type="li">g</xref> for <codeph>ReserveQM2</codeph>.
You must use a different port number in step e.</li>
</ol></li>
<li>Set up <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>:<ol>
<li>Create queue manager connections so that <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> can connect to
the queue managers. In this scenario, <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> must connect
to the <codeph>ReserveQM1</codeph> and <codeph>ReserveQM2</codeph> queue
managers. From the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>:<ol>
<li>Go to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> page
by clicking <uicontrol>Messaging > MQ Connectivity</uicontrol>. </li>
<li>Under the <uicontrol>Queue Manager Connection Properties</uicontrol> pane,
click the <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol> icon.</li>
<li>Enter the details for a queue manager connection, and click <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>.
In this scenario, the following values are used:<ul>
<li>Name: <codeph>ReserveQMC1</codeph></li>
<li>Queue Manager: <codeph>ReserveQM1</codeph></li>
<li>Connection Name: The IP address or host name of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> system on which
the queue manager was configured.</li>
<li>Channel Name: <codeph>MQ.MSG.SVRCONN</codeph></li>
</ul></li>
<li>Create a second queue manager connection in the same way. In this
scenario, the following values are used:<ul>
<li>Name: <codeph>ReserveQMC2</codeph></li>
<li>Queue Manager: <codeph>ReserveQM2</codeph></li>
<li>Connection Name: The IP address or host name of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> system on which
the queue manager was configured.</li>
<li>Channel Name: <codeph>MQ.MSG.SVRCONN</codeph></li>
</ul></li>
</ol></li>
<li>Create destination mapping rules to map from the message sources
to the message destinations. In this scenario, the first destination
mapping rule must map from the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> topic subtree <codeph>Reserve/Request</codeph> to
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> topic
subtree <codeph>Reserve/Request</codeph>. With this rule, a message
that is published on the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> topic <codeph>Reserve/Request/123</codeph> is
forwarded to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> topic <codeph>Reserve/Request/123</codeph>.
The second destination mapping rule must map from the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> topic subtree <codeph>Reserve/Response</codeph> to
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> topic
subtree <codeph>Reserve/Response</codeph>. From the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>:<ol>
<li>Go to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> page
by clicking <uicontrol>Messaging > MQ Connectivity</uicontrol>. </li>
<li>Under the <uicontrol>Destination Mapping Rules</uicontrol> pane,
click the <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol> icon.</li>
<li>Enter the details for the first destination mapping rule, and
click <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>. In this scenario, the following
values are used:<ul>
<li>Name: <codeph>RequestDMR</codeph></li>
<li>Rule Type: <codeph><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/MessageSight"></ph> topic subtree to MQ topic subtree</codeph></li>
<li>Source: <codeph>Reserve/Request</codeph></li>
<li>Destination: <codeph>Reserve/Request</codeph></li>
<li>Maximum Messages: 10000</li>
<li>Associated queue manager connections: <codeph>ReserveQMC1</codeph>, <codeph>ReserveQMC2</codeph></li>
<li>Enabled: True</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Create the second destination mapping rule in the same way. In
this scenario, the following values are used:<ul>
<li>Name: <codeph>ResponseDMR</codeph></li>
<li>Rule Type: <codeph>MQ topic subtree to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/MessageSight"></ph> topic subtree</codeph></li>
<li>Source: <codeph>Reserve/Response</codeph></li>
<li>Destination: <codeph>Reserve/Reseponse</codeph></li>
<li>Maximum Messages: 10000</li>
<li>Associated queue manager connections: <codeph>ReserveQMC1</codeph>, <codeph>ReserveQMC2</codeph></li>
<li>Enabled: True</li>
</ul></li>
</ol></li>
</ol></li>
<li>Optionally, delete the connection and messaging policies <codeph>Stock
Reservation Internal ConPol</codeph>, <codeph>Stock Reservation Request
Internal MsgPol</codeph>, and <codeph>Stock Reservation Response Internal
MsgPol</codeph>. The<ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> process
does not need a connection policy to connect to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>. The<ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> process
uses the information that is contained in the destination mapping
rules to restrict messaging activities, and therefore does not need
messaging policies.</li>
</ol></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Test your solution</dt>
<dd>Use your applications to send test messages through the system
and check that the solution works. Use the <xref format="dita"
href="../Troubleshooting/tr10000_.dita" scope="local" type="concept"></xref> section
to help you resolve any problems that you encounter.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Monitor your solution</dt>
<dd>Use the monitoring tools from the basic scenario to monitor the
solution.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Strengthen your security</dt>
<dd>Beyond the security enhancements that can be completed in the
basic scenario, you can use SSL to secure the connection between <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> and <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph>. To use SSL to
secure the connection, you must configure key repository databases
and password stash files. For more information, see <xref
href="ad00109_.dita"></xref> and <xref href="ad00108_.dita"></xref>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
</conbody>
<?tm 1413224006 0?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000018895?>
