<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00369_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Creating and updating an endpoint by using <ph
   conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/></title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can create and update endpoints by using  <ph
   conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq><p>Ensure that the following message hub creation tasks are
complete:<ol>
<li><xref href="ad00323_.dita">Create a message hub</xref>.</li>
<li><xref href="ad00327_.dita">Create connection policies</xref>.</li>
<li><xref href="ad00368_.dita">Create messaging policies</xref>.</li>
</ol></p><p>If you want to apply Transport Layer Security to the message
hub endpoints, you must create the security profiles before you configure
the endpoints. For more information about configuring security, see <xref
href="ad00700_.dita"></xref>.</p><?Pub Caret 148?></prereq>
<context><p>You can create an endpoint or update an existing by using a <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPI"/>, or by using the <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>. For more information about using the <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> to create an endpoint, see <xref
     href="ad00361_.dita"/>.</p>For more information about the components you must specify to create
   an endpoint, including naming restrictions, see <xref href="ad00360_.dita"/>.</context>
<steps>
   <step>
   <cmd>To create or update an endpoint, use the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API POST method with the
   following <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> configuration URI:</cmd>
    <info>
     <p><codeph>https://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/</codeph></p>
    </info>
   </step>
<step>
    <cmd>Provide Endpoint object configuration data in the payload of the POST method by using the
     following schema. <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to
      <userinput>application/json</userinput>: </cmd>
    <info><codeblock>
     {    
        "Endpoint": {
          "&lt;NameOfEndpoint>": {
            "Description": "string",
            "PortNumber": "string",
            "ClientAddress": "string",
            "Protocol": "string",
            "ConnPolicies": "string",
            "MsgPolicies": "string",
            "MaxMessageSize": "string",
            "HubName": "string",
            "SecProfile": "string",
            "Enabled": "boolean",
            "MaxSendSize": "integer",
            "BatchMessages": "boolean"
          }
        }
      }</codeblock>Where:<ul>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt><varname>NameOfEndpoint</varname></dt>
         <dd>Specifies the name of the endpoint.</dd>
         <dd>The name must not have leading or trailing spaces and cannot contain control
          characters, commas, double quotation marks, backslashes, or equal signs. The first
          character must not be a number or any of the following special characters: <p><codeph>! #
            $ % &amp; ' ( ) * + - . / : ; &lt; > ? @</codeph></p></dd>
         <dd>After the endpoint is created, you cannot change this name.</dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>Description</dt>
         <dd>Optional.</dd>
         <dd>Specifies a description for the endpoint.</dd>
         <dd>If you do not want a description, omit
            <codeph>"Description=<varname>description</varname>"</codeph> from the command.</dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>PortNumber</dt>
         <dd>Specifies the port that clients connect to.</dd>
         <dd>The port number must be in the range 1 - 32767, 61001 - 65535.</dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>ClientAddress</dt>
         <dd>Specifies one, or all, of the available <ph
           conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> IP addresses for the client to connect
          to.</dd>
         <dd>You can use the value <codeph>all</codeph> to specify all available IP addresses.</dd>
         <dd>If you are using Amazon Elastic Cloud Compute (Amazon EC2), ensure that the address
          that you specify for the endpoint is an Amazon EC2 private IP address that is associated
          with an Amazon EC2 public elastic IP address. Interface <codeph>eth0</codeph> should be
          associated with an Amazon EC2 public elastic IP address.</dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>Protocol</dt>
         <dd>Specifies the protocols that the clients can use to connect to the endpoint.</dd>
         <dd>You can choose from JMS and MQTT
          protocols.<!--by default. If there are any protocol plug-ins installed on the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server, you can
specify these as well.--></dd>
         <dd>To specify more than one value, separate each value with a comma.</dd>
         <!--<dd>You can use the value <codeph>All</codeph> to specify all available
protocols.</dd>-->
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>ConnPolicies</dt>
         <dd>Specifies the connection policies to apply to this endpoint. The policies must
          exist.</dd>
         <dd>These policies must be specified in a comma-separated list.</dd>
         <dd>When <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> checks whether a client is
          authorized to connect, each connection policy is checked in the order that the policies
          are specified on the endpoint. The policies are checked until either authorization is
          granted, or all connection policies on the endpoint are checked. Therefore, the order of
          the comma-separated list is important.</dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>MsgPolicies</dt>
         <dd>Specifies the messaging policies to apply to this endpoint. The policies must
          exist.</dd>
         <dd>These policies must be specified in a comma-separated list.</dd>
         <dd>When <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> checks whether a client is
          authorized to perform messaging actions, each messaging policy is checked in the order
          that the policies are specified on the endpoint. The policies are checked until either
          authorization is granted, or all messaging policies on the endpoint are checked.
          Therefore, the order of the comma-separated list is important.</dd>
         <dd>You cannot apply a messaging policy that has a <codeph>PendingAction</codeph> value of
           <codeph>Delete</codeph> to an endpoint.</dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>MaxMessageSize</dt>
         <dd>Optional.</dd>
         <dd>Specifies the maximum size that a message can be when sent to <ph
           conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> through this endpoint.</dd>
         <dd>The value must include a KB or MB suffix. The value must be in the range 1 KB - 262144
                    KB.</dd>
         <dd>To use the default value of 1024 KB, omit
            <codeph>"MaxMessageSize=<varname>size</varname>"</codeph> from the command.</dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>HubName</dt>
         <dd>Specifies the message hub that the endpoint belongs to. The message hub must
          exist.</dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>SecProfile</dt>
         <dd>Optional.</dd>
         <dd>Specifies the security profile to be applied to the endpoint. The security profile must
          exist. For more information about configuring security profiles, see <xref
           href="ad00700_.dita"/>.</dd>
         <dd>If you do not want to specify a security profile, omit
            <codeph>"SecurityProfile=<varname>secProfile</varname>"</codeph> from the command.</dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>Enabled=true|false</dt>
         <dd>Specifies whether the endpoint is enabled (true) or disabled (false).</dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>MaxSendSize</dt>
         <dd>Optional.</dd>
         <dd>Specifies the maximum size that part of a message can be when it is sent.</dd>
         <dd>The value must be in the range 128 bytes - 65536 bytes.</dd>
         <dd>You might want to use this option in environments where resource-constrained devices
          are used; set a low value for <parmname>MaxSendSize</parmname>, for example 256 bytes, and
          disable the batching of messages by setting <parmname>BatchMessages</parmname> to false. </dd>
         <dd>The default value is 16384 bytes.</dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>BatchMessages=true|false</dt>
         <dd>Optional.</dd>
         <dd>Specifies whether messages can be sent in batches (true) or must be sent singly
          (false). If <parmname>BatchMessages</parmname> is false and the size of the message is
          less than the value specified for <parmname>MaxSendSize</parmname>, the message is sent
          singly. If the size of the message is greater than the value specified for
           <parmname>MaxSendSize</parmname>, the message is sent in multiple fragments; if
           <parmname>BatchMessages</parmname> is false, fragments of different messages cannot be
          sent in a single send operation.</dd>
         <dd>You might want to set <parmname>BatchMessages</parmname> to false in environments where
          resource-constrained devices are used to ensure that single messages are sent; ensure that
          you also set a low value for <parmname>MaxSendSize</parmname>, for example 256 bytes.</dd>
         <dd>The default value is true.</dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
     </ul></info>
   </step>
</steps>
<example>
   <p>The following example shows a POST method to create an endpoint called "DemoEndpoint" by using
    cURL:</p>
   <codeblock>

       curl -X POST \
         -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
         -d '
             {   
                "Endpoint": { 
                  "DemoEndpoint": {
                    "Description": "Demonstration endpoint.",
                    "Port": 16102,            
                    "Enabled": false,
                    "Protocol": "All",            
                    "Interface": "All",           
                    "ConnectionPolicies": "DemoConnectionPolicy",   
                    "MessagingPolicies": "DemoMessagingPolicy,DemoMPForSharedSub", 
                    "MaxMessageSize": "4096KB",
                    "MessageHub": "DemoHub",            
                    "Description": "Unsecured endpoint for demonstration use only."
                  }
                }
              }
            ' \
          https://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/
</codeblock>
   <p>The following example shows an example response to the POST method:</p>
   <codeblock>
       {        
         "Version": "v1",
         "Code": "CWLNA6011",
         "Message": "The requested configuration change has completed successfully."
       }
</codeblock>
  </example>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00360_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00323_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00327_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00368_.dita"></link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000007824?>
