<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00404_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Add a new standby node after the primary node failed by using
the command line</title>
<shortdesc>In this scenario, the primary node of an HA pair has failed
and the standby node has taken over. You must now set up a new standby
node for the new primary node. System administrators can use the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>HighAvailability</cmdname> commands
on the command line.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq>The two <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> appliances
must be physically connected. For more information about connecting
appliances, see <xref format="dita" href="ad00400_.dita" scope="local"
type="concept">Configuring the system for High Availability</xref>.
The administrative state (AdminState) of the two appliances must also
be enabled. Use the <cmdname>enable ethernet-interface</cmdname> or <cmdname>edit
ethernet-interface</cmdname> command to enable the administrative
state of the appliances.</prereq>
<context><p>You can configure appliances for high availability by
using the command line or by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>. For more
information about using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> to configure
appliances for high availability, see <xref href="ad00403_.dita"></xref>.
The expectation is that the content of the store and configuration
of Appliance B is preserved and that Appliance B does not require
restarting.</p></context><?Pub Caret -2?>
<steps>
<step><cmd>On Appliance C enter the following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> update
HighAvailability "EnableHA=True" </codeph> <codeph>"Group=<varname>Group</varname>"</codeph> </p><p>Where:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt><varname>Group</varname></dt>
<dd>Group is used to automatically configure appliances to pair with
each other. </dd>
<dd>This value must match the value on Appliance B.</dd>
<dd>The value can be a maximum of 128 characters.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p></info></step>
<step><cmd>Clean the store on Appliance C only.</cmd><info> Failing
to do so will cause both nodes to go into maintenance mode. Enter
the following commands:<codeblock><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> runmode maintenance
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> stop
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> start
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> runmode clean_store
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> stop
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> start</codeblock></info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Change Appliance C to production mode.</cmd><info><codeblock><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> runmode production</codeblock></info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Stop and then restart the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server for Appliance
C.</cmd><info><codeblock>imaserver stop
imaserver start</codeblock></info></step>
</steps>
<postreq><p>You can view high availability configuration details of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> appliance by using the <cmdname>imaserver show
HighAvailability</cmdname> command. You can view information about the high availability role of
the<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> appliance by using the <cmdname>imaserver
status</cmdname> command.</p></postreq>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="../Troubleshooting/tr00013_.dita" scope="local"
type="task"></link>
<link format="dita" href="../Troubleshooting/tr00007_.dita" scope="local"
type="task"></link>
<link format="dita" href="ad00280_.dita" scope="local" type="concept">
</link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000004093?>
