<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00120_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Creating and updating a queue manager connection by using <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/></title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>System administrators can create a queue manager connection by using <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>You can create a queue manager connection by using <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>, or by using the <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
        />. For more information about using the <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
        /> to create a queue manager connection, see <xref href="ad00117_.dita"/>.</p>
      <p>You can edit a queue manager connection only if all the destination mapping rules that are
        using the queue manager connection are disabled. You can disable destination mapping rules
        by editing the rules. For more information about editing destination mapping rules by using
        REST Administration APIs, see <xref href="ad00123_.dita"/>. Alternatively, you can disable
        destination mapping rules by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
        />, see <xref href="ad00114_.dita"/>.</p><p>For
more information about the components that make up a queue manager
connection, see <xref href="ad00113_.dita"></xref>.</p></context>
<steps>
   <step>
        <cmd>To create or update a queue manager connection,use the <ph
          conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
          /> REST API POST method with the following <ph
          conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> configuration URI:</cmd>
        <info>
          <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/</codeph></p>
        </info>
      </step>
<step>
    <cmd>Provide queue manager connection object configuration data in the payload of the POST
     method by using the following schema. <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to
      <userinput>application/json</userinput>. Ensure that capitalization and double quotation marks
     are used as shown.</cmd>
    <info><codeblock>
{    
  "QueueManagerConnection": {
    "&lt;NameOfQueueManagerConnection>": {
      "QueueManagerName": "string",
      "ConnectionName": "string",
      "ChannelName": "string",
      "SSLCipherSpec": "string",  
      "ChannelUserName": "string",
      "ChannelUserPassword": "string",  
      "MQSSLKey": "string",
      "MQStashPassword": "string",
      "Verify": true|false,
      "Overwrite": true|false           
     }
   }
}</codeblock>Where:<ul>
            <li>
              <dl>
                <dlentry>
                  <dt><varname>NameOfQueueManagerConnection</varname></dt>
                  <dd>Specifies a name for your queue manager connection. After your queue manager
                    connection is created, you cannot change this name.</dd>
                  <dd>The name must not have leading or trailing spaces and cannot contain control
                    characters, commas, double quotation marks, backslashes, or equal signs. The
                    first character must not be a number or any of the following special characters:
                        <p><codeph>! # $ % &amp; ' ( ) * + - . / : ; &lt; > ? @</codeph></p></dd>
                </dlentry>
              </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
              <dl>
                <dlentry>
                  <dt>QueueManagerName</dt>
                  <dd>Specifies the name of the queue manager to connect to.</dd>
                </dlentry>
              </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
              <dl>
                <dlentry>
                  <dt>ConnectionName</dt>
                  <dd>Specifies the connection name of the queue manager to connect to.<p>The
                      connection name consists of the IP address or host name of the queue manager,
                      and optionally, the port number. If a port number is not specified, the
                      default value of 1414 is used. For multi-instance queue managers, you can
                      specify more than one connection by entering the connection names in a
                      comma-separated list.</p><p>For a connection name with a port number, you must
                      specify the port number in parentheses. For example:
                        <codeph>192.0.2.0(1414)</codeph></p><p>For a connection name without a port
                      number, do not use parentheses. For example:
                    <codeph>192.0.2.0</codeph></p></dd>
                </dlentry>
              </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
              <dl>
                <dlentry>
                  <dt>ChannelName</dt>
                  <dd>Specifies the channel name of the queue manager to connect to.<p>The name that
                      you specify in <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> must match
                      the name of the server-connection channel that you defined in <ph
                        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/>.</p></dd>
                </dlentry>
              </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
              <dl>
                <dlentry>
                  <dt>SSLCipherSpec</dt>
                  <dd>Optional.</dd>
                  <dd>Specifies the SSL cipher that is used in the connection between <ph
                      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> and <ph
                      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/>.</dd>
                  <dd>The cipher that is specified must match the cipher that is defined in <ph
                      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> for the queue manager that is
                    used in the queue manager connection.</dd>
                </dlentry>
              </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
              <dl>
                <dlentry>
                  <dt>ChannelUserName</dt>
                  <dd>Optional.</dd>
                  <dd>Specifies the user name to provide to <ph
                      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> Connectivity channel
                    authentication.</dd>
                  <dd>The maximum length of the name is 1024 characters.</dd>
                  <dd>If you specify a channel user name, you must also specify a channel user
                    password.</dd>
                </dlentry>
              </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
              <dl>
                <dlentry>
                  <dt>ChannelUserPassword</dt>
                  <dd>Optional.</dd>
                  <dd>Specifies the password to provide to <ph
                      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> Connectivity channel
                    authentication</dd>
                  <dd>The maximum length of the password is 256 characters.</dd>
                  <dd>You must specify a channel user password if you specify a channel user
                    name.</dd>
                </dlentry>
              </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
              <dl>
                <dlentry>
                  <dt>MQSSLKey</dt>
                  <dd>Specifies the name of the key database file.</dd>
                </dlentry>
              </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
              <dl>
                <dlentry>
                  <dt>MQStashPassword</dt>
                  <dd>Specifies the name of the password stash file.</dd>
                </dlentry>
              </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
              <dl>
                <dlentry>
                  <dt>Verify: true|false</dt>
                  <dd>Specifies whether the queue manager connection is tested with the
                    configuration change without committing the configuration change. </dd>
                  <dd>Set this value to true to verify that the configuration that you have entered
                    is valid.</dd>
                  <dd>The default value is false which means that the configuration change is
                    committed without first testing the queue manager connection.</dd>
                </dlentry>
              </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
              <dl>
                <dlentry>
                  <dt>Overwrite: true|false</dt>
                  <dd>Specifies whether an existing certificate and key are overwritten if they have
                    the same name.</dd>
                  <dd>The default value is false which means that an existing certificate and key
                    are not overwritten if they have the same name.</dd>
                </dlentry>
              </dl>
            </li>
          </ul></info>
   </step>
</steps>
<example>
   <p>This example demonstrates creating a queue manager connection called
    <codeph>MyQMC</codeph>.</p>
   <codeblock>
curl -X POST \
   -H 'Content-Type: application/json'  \
   -d  '{     
  "QueueManagerConnection": {
    "MyQMC": {
      "QueueManagerName": "MyQueueManager",
      "ConnectionName": "192.0.2.0(1414)",
      "ChannelName": "SYSTEM.IMA.SVRCONN",
      "SSLCipherSpec": ""         
     }
   }
}</codeblock>
   <p>The following example shows an example response to the POST method:</p>
   <codeblock>
{        
  "Version": "v1",
  "Code": "CWLNA6011",
  "Message": "The requested configuration change has completed successfully."
}
</codeblock>
  </example>
</taskbody>
<?tm 1413224004 0?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000004962?>
