<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="ad00998_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Disabling high availability on cluster members by using <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/></title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>You can disable high availability (HA) on a pair of servers in a cluster by using <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>. </shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<taskbody>
<context>
<p>You can disable HA on cluster members that are an HA pair by using <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>, or by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>. For more information about using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> to disable HA on cluster members, see <xref
href="ad01000_.dita"
/>. For more information about configuring a pair of servers as an HA pair, see <xref
href="ad00992_.dita"/>. </p>
<p>You can disable HA on the primary server or the standby server. If you disable HA on the primary server, HA is also disabled on the standby server.</p>
<p>You might decide to disable HA on the primary server so that you use only a single server. You might decide to disable HA on the standby server so that you can replace the standby server with another server. </p>
<note>If both servers of the HA pair are in maintenance mode, disable HA on one server and restart it in production mode. Discard the the instance of <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> on the other server.</note>
</context>
<steps>
<step>
<cmd>You can disable HA on the primary server or the standby server. </cmd>
<choices>
<choice>If you are disabling HA on the primary server of a synchronized HA pair:<ol>
<li>Set <codeph>"EnableHA": false</codeph> on the primary server.</li>
<li>Restart the server in production mode.<p>Use the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> REST API POST method on each server with the following <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> configuration URI:</p><p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:port>/ima/v1/service/restart</codeph></p><p>Provide object configuration data in the payload of the POST method by using the following schema. <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to <userinput>application/json</userinput>: </p><codeblock>
{    
  "Service": "Server" 
}</codeblock>If the standby server was synchronized, it automatically restarts in maintenance mode and with HA disabled. If the standby server was inactive or had been running in maintenance mode, do not restart it.</li>
<li>Do not use the former standby server. Discard this instance of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server.</li>
</ol></choice>
<choice>If you are disabling HA on the standby server:<ol>
<li>Set <codeph>"EnableHA": false</codeph> on the standby server.</li>
<li>The standby server automatically restarts in maintenance mode.</li>
<li>Do not continue to use this server. Discard this instance of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server.</li>
</ol></choice>
<choice>If both servers in the HA pair are in maintenance mode:<ol>
<li>Set <codeph>"EnableHA": false</codeph> on one of the servers.</li>
<li>Restart this server in production mode.<p>Use the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> REST API POST method on each server with the following <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> configuration URI:</p><p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:port>/ima/v1/service/restart</codeph></p><p>Provide object configuration data in the payload of the POST method by using the following schema. <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to <userinput>application/json</userinput>: </p><codeblock>
{    
  "Service": "Server" 
}</codeblock></li>
<li>Do not continue to use the other server. Discard the instance of  <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> that is on the other server.</li>
</ol></choice>
</choices>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
