<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00517_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Creating an SNMP community by using the command line</title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can create SNMP communities by using
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>create</cmdname> command
on the command line.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>You can create an SNMP community by using the command
line, or by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>. For more
information about using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> to create
an SNMP community, see <xref href="ad00511_.dita"></xref>.</p><p>For
more information about the components you must specify to create an
SNMP community, including naming restrictions, see <xref
href="ad00510_.dita"></xref>.</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>To create an SNMP community, enter the following command:</cmd>
<info><note>The command must be capitalized as shown, and must use
the double quotation marks as shown.</note><p><codeph><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> create
SNMPCommunity "Name=<varname>snmpcommunityName</varname>" "HostRestriction=<varname>host</varname>" </codeph></p><p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>snmpcommunityName</dt>
<dd>Specifies the SNMP community name. Each SNMP community must have
a unique name.</dd>
<dd>The name must not have leading or trailing spaces and cannot contain
control characters, commas, double quotation marks, backslashes, or
equal signs. The first character must not be a number or any of the
following special characters:</dd>
<dd><codeph>! # $ % &amp; ' ( ) * + - . / : ; &lt; > ? @</codeph></dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>host</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the host name or IP address of the remote SNMP manager.
Access is restricted to the specified hosts.</dd>
<dd>If no value is specified, then communication with all IP addresses
is allowed.</dd>
<dd>You can specify multiple host names or IP addresses in a comma-separated
list.</dd>
<dd> If you specify a subnet, ensure that you use a host name or IP
address in Classless Inter-Domain Routing (CIDR) format.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></p></info></step>
</steps>
<example><p>The following example shows creating an SNMP community
named <codeph>community1</codeph> with access restricted to the SNMP
manager at IP address <codeph>9.3.45.100</codeph> :<screen><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> create SNMPCommunity "Name=community1" "HostRestriction=9.3.45.100"
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></screen><?Pub
Caret 72?></p></example>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00510_.dita"></link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003091?>
