<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="ad00092_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> throughput
and message order</title>
<shortdesc><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> can
handle a higher volume of messages than <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph>. To deal with
the higher volume of messages, you can maximize message throughput
by using multiple <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> queue
managers to handle the load. However, using multiple queue managers
does not preserve the order of the messages.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>When messages are moved from <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>, persistent messages
are forwarded within transactions, and forwards nonpersistent messages
immediately. Therefore, nonpersistent messages can be forwarded before
earlier persistent messages are forwarded within a transaction. In
this case, message order is not preserved.</p>
<p>When MQTT messages are moved from <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph>, QoS 1 and QoS
2 messages are forwarded within transactions, and forwards QoS 0 messages
immediately. Therefore, QoS 0 messages can be forwarded before earlier
QoS 1 and QoS 2 messages are forwarded within a transaction. In this
case, message order is not preserved.</p>
<p>When JMS messages are moved from <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph>, both JMS persistent
and nonpersistent messages are forwarded within transactions. If a
nonpersistent message has the ConnectionFactory property DisableACK
set, the message is forwarded immediately. Therefore, nonpersistent
JMS messages with DisableACK set can be forwarded before earlier JMS
messages are forwarded within a transaction. In this case, message
order is not preserved.</p>
<p>To preserve the order of the messages, you must use only a single
queue manager connection to send or receive messages of the same persistence.</p><?Pub
Caret 73?>
<p>If <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> cannot
keep up with the volume of messages that <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> forwards, a backlog
of messages forms on <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.
The number of messages that can be in this backlog is defined by the
max message parameter of a destination mapping rule. For more information
about the behavior of messages when the max message count is reached,
see <xref format="dita"
href="../Troubleshooting/tr00005_.dita#tr00005_/HasTheMaximumMessageLimitBeenReache"
scope="local" type="section"></xref>.</p>
</conbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00102_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00101_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00103_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00091_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00113_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00110_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00129_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00111_.dita"></link>
</related-links>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000003368?>
