<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00215_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Editing an Ethernet interface</title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can edit an Ethernet interface by
using the <cmdname>edit ethernet-interface</cmdname> command on the command line.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq><p>You must know the name of the Ethernet interface that you
want to edit. You can find out the names of available Ethernet interfaces
by using either the <uicontrol>Network settings</uicontrol> page of
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>, or
by using the <cmdname>list ethernet-interface</cmdname> command on
the command line.</p><p>You can view the current settings of the Ethernet
interface at any time when in edit ethernet-interface mode by using
the <cmdname>show</cmdname> command.</p></prereq>
<context>You can edit the Ethernet interfaces by using the command line,
or by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>.
For more information about using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> to edit the
Ethernet interfaces, see <xref href="ad00211_.dita"></xref>.<note>Any
changes that you make when you edit the Ethernet interface do not
take effect until you exit the edit ethernet-interface mode. If you
change the IP address of Ethernet interface <codeph>mgt0</codeph>,
a management port, ensure that you change the IP address of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> to match the
new IP address of <codeph>mgt0</codeph>.</note><?Pub Caret 277?></context>
<steps>
<step id="1"><cmd>Edit an Ethernet interface by entering the following
command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>edit ethernet-interface <varname>interfaceName</varname></codeph></p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>interfaceName</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the Ethernet interface you want to edit.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></info><stepresult>The command prompt changes to indicate that
you are in edit mode.</stepresult></step>
<step id="2"><cmd importance="optional">Edit the enabled status by
entering the following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>AdminState <varname>status</varname></codeph></p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>status</dt>
<dd>Specifies whether the interface is enabled.</dd>
<dd>Valid values are <parmname>Enabled</parmname>, or <parmname>Disabled</parmname>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></info></step>
<step importance="optional"><cmd>Set the speed and duplex settings
for the interface by entering the following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>mode <varname>modeName</varname></codeph></p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>modeName</dt>
<dd>Specifies the speed and duplex mode for the interface. This value
can be one of the following values:<ul>
<li>For 1 Gb interfaces (mgt0, mgt1, eth0-eth5):<ul>
<li>Auto</li>
<li>10baseT-HD</li>
<li>10baseT-FD</li>
<li>100baseTx-HD</li>
<li>100baseTx-FD</li>
<li>1000baseTx-FD</li>
</ul></li>
<li>For 40 Gb interfaces (eth6, eth7, ha0, ha1):<ul>
<li>Auto</li>
<li>10000baseTx-FD</li>
</ul></li>
</ul></dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></info></step>
      <step>
        <cmd importance="optional">Configure IP settings.</cmd>
      </step>
<step id="7">
        <cmd>Exit the edit mode, saving the changes, by entering the following command:</cmd>
        <info>
          <p><codeph>exit</codeph></p>
        </info>
      </step>
</steps>
<example>
      <p>This example shows steps 1, 2, and 5. After each step, a <cmdname>show</cmdname> command is
        used to show the current settings of the Ethernet interface.</p>
      <p>Step <xref format="dita" href="ad00215_.dita#ad00215_/1" scope="local" type="step"/>,
        entering the edit ethernet-interface mode for the Ethernet interface
        eth2:<screen><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt">

imaserver</ph> edit ethernet-interface eth2
Console ethernet-interface:eth2> show
ethernet-interface eth2:
name "eth2"
AdminState "Disabled"
use-arp "true"
aggregate-candidate "false"
mtu "1500"
ip
  use-dhcp "false"
  use-slaac "false"
  dad-transmits "1"
  dad-retransmit-timer "1000"
end ip
mode "Auto"

Console ethernet-interface:eth2></screen></p>
      <p>Step <xref format="dita" href="ad00215_.dita#ad00215_/2" scope="local" type="step"
        >2</xref>, enabling the
        ethernet-interface:<screen>Console ethernet-interface:eth2> AdminState Enabled
Console ethernet-interface:eth2> show
ethernet-interface eth2:
name "eth2"
AdminState "Enabled"
use-arp "true"
aggregate-candidate "false"
mtu "1500"
ip
  use-dhcp "false"
  use-slaac "false"
  dad-transmits "1"
  dad-retransmit-timer "1000"
end ip
mode "Auto"

Console ethernet-interface:eth2></screen></p>
      <p>Step <xref format="dita" href="ad00215_.dita#ad00215_/7" scope="local" type="step"
        >5</xref>, exiting the edit
        mode:<screen>Console ethernet-interface:eth2> exit
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt">

imaserver</ph></screen></p>
    </example>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="ad00213_.dita" scope="local" type="task">
</link>
<link format="dita" href="ad00214_.dita" scope="local" type="task">
</link>
<link format="dita" href="ad00210_.dita" scope="local" type="concept">
</link>
<link href="ad00200_.dita"></link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000012381?>
