<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00121_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Editing a queue manager connection by using the command line</title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>System administrators can edit a queue manager connection
by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>update
QueueManagerConnection</cmdname> command.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>You can edit a queue manager connection only if all the destination mapping rules that are using
    the queue manager connection are disabled. From the command line, you can disable destination
    mapping rules by editing the rules. For more information about editing destination mapping rules
    by using the command line, see <xref href="ad00123_.dita"/>. Alternatively, you can disable
    destination mapping rules by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>,
    see <xref href="ad00114_.dita"/>.</p><p>You can edit a queue manager connection
by using the command line, or by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>. For more
information about using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> to edit a
queue manager connection, see <xref href="ad00117_.dita"></xref>.</p><p>For
more information about the components that make up a queue manager
connection, see <xref href="ad00113_.dita"></xref>.</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>To edit a queue manager connection, enter the following
command:</cmd><info><note>The command must be capitalized as shown,
and must use the double quotation marks as shown.</note><p><codeph><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> update
QueueManagerConnection "Name=<varname>QMCname</varname>" "QueueManagerName=<varname>QMgrName</varname>"
"ConnectionName=<varname>ConnName</varname>" "ChannelName=<varname>channelName</varname>"
"SSLCipherSpec=<varname>cipherSpec</varname>"</codeph></p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>QMCname</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the queue manager connection that you want
to edit.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>QMgrName</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the name of the queue manager to connect to.</dd>
<dd>If you do not want to change the queue manager name, omit <codeph>"QueueManagerName=<varname>QMgrName</varname>"</codeph> from
the command.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>ConnName</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the connection name of the queue manager to connect
to.<p>The connection name consists of the IP address or host name
of the queue manager, and optionally, the port number. If a port number
is not specified, the default value of 1414 is used. For multi-instance
queue managers, you can specify more than one connection by entering
the connection names in a comma-separated list.</p><p>For a connection
name with a port number, you must specify the port number in parentheses.
For example: <codeph>192.0.2.0(1414)</codeph></p><p>For a connection
name without a port number, do not use parentheses. For example: <codeph>192.0.2.0</codeph></p></dd>
<dd>If you do not want to change the connection name, omit <codeph>"ConnectionName=<varname>ConnName</varname>"</codeph> from
the command.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>channelName</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the channel name for the queue manager.<p>The name that
you specify in <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> must
match the name of the server-connection channel that you defined in <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph>.</p></dd>
<dd>If you do not want to change the channel name, omit <codeph>"ChannelName=<varname>channelName</varname>"</codeph> from
the command.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>cipherSpec</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the SSL cipher specification that is used in the connection
between <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> and <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph>.</dd>
<dd>The cipher that is specified must match the cipher that is defined
in <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> for the
queue manager that is used in the queue manager connection.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></info><info><note>When you update a queue manager connection
by using the command line, and the queue manager connection has unresolved
transactions, you see this message:<p><codeph>Queue Manager Connection
has unresolved transactions. Update not allowed without force option.</codeph></p><p>If
you want to update the queue manager despite the unresolved transactions,
add <codeph>"Force=True"</codeph> to the update command. This flag
discards the unresolved transactions and updates the queue manager.</p></note></info>
</step>
</steps>
<example><p>This example demonstrates editing a queue manager connection
called <codeph>exampleQMC</codeph>. The queue manager name is updated
to <codeph>updatedQM</codeph>.</p><screen><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> update QueueManagerConnection "Name=exampleQMC" "QueueManagerName=updatedQM"
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></screen></example>
<postreq>You can check that the queue manager connection is correctly
configured by testing the connection to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph>. You can test
the connection by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>test
QueueManagerConnection</cmdname> command. For more information, see <xref
href="ad00133_.dita"></xref>.</postreq>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00091_.dita"></link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1413224004 0?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000006127?>
