<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00723_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Importing a client certificate by using the command line</title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can import a client certificate to the truststore, and can associate it with a security profile by using the <cmdname>file get</cmdname>, and <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"/>
<cmdname>apply Certificate</cmdname> command on the command line.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq><p>When you import a client certificate to the truststore,
you associate it with a security profile. For that security profile
to use client certificate authentication, you must enable client certificate
authentication in the security profile. The security profile must
exist before you can import the client certificate. For more information
about configuring security profiles, see <xref href="ad00740_.dita"></xref>.</p></prereq>
<context><p>You can import a client certificate by using the command
line, or by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>. For more
information about using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> to import
a client certificate, see <xref href="ad00721_.dita"></xref>.</p><p>For
more information about client certificates and the truststore, see <xref
format="dita" href="../Security/se00007.dita" scope="local"></xref>.</p></context>
<steps>
<step id="1">
<cmd>Import a trusted CA certificate or a client certificate to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> by entering the following command:</cmd>
<info><p><codeph>file get <varname>certificateURL</varname>
<varname>certificateName</varname></codeph></p>Where:<ul>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>certificateURL</dt>
<dd>Specifies the location of the certificate in the following format: <codeph>scp://<varname>username</varname>@<varname>hostname</varname>:/<varname>filepath</varname></codeph></dd>
<dd>For example, <codeph>scp://admin@example.com:/certificates/certificate.pem</codeph></dd>
<dd>You cannot specify the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> IP address as the SCP host name.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>certificateName</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name to use for the certificate when it is uploaded to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>.</dd>
<dd>The name cannot include any path elements.</dd>
<dd>You can use a period (.) to specify that the name of the certificate when it is uploaded to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> is the same name as the certificate on the remote server.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
</ul><note>The certificate must be a PEM format certificate.</note></info>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Apply the certificate to the truststore and associate it with a security profile in one of the following ways:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>If you are importing a trusted CA certificate, apply the certificate by entering the following command:<p><codeph>imaserver apply Certificate "TrustedCertificate=<varname>certName</varname>" "SecurityProfileName=<varname>securityProfile</varname>" "Overwrite=True"</codeph></p><p>Where:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>certName</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the certificate that was imported in step <xref format="dita"
href="ad00723_.dita#ad00723_/1" scope="local" type="step"/></dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>securityProfile</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the security profile that the client certificate is associated with.</dd>
<dd>This security profile must exist.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl></p></choice>
<choice>If you are importing a trusted client certificate, apply the certificate by entering the following command:<p><codeph>imaserver apply Certificate "ClientCertificate=<varname>certName</varname>" "SecurityProfileName=<varname>securityProfile</varname>" "Overwrite=True"</codeph></p><p>Where:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>certName</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the certificate that was imported in step <xref format="dita"
href="ad00723_.dita#ad00723_/1" scope="local" type="step"/></dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>securityProfile</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the security profile that the client certificate is associated with.</dd>
<dd>This security profile must exist.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl></p><note>You can upload a maximum of 100 trusted client certificates for every security profile.</note></choice>
</choices>
</step>
</steps>
<example>The following example shows importing a trusted CA certificate <codeph>certificate.pem</codeph>, and applying it to security profile <codeph>secProfile</codeph>:<screen><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"/> file get scp://admin@192.0.2.0:/certificates/certificate.pem .
admin@192.0.2.0's password:
certificate.pem																								 100%    311   0.3KB/s  00:00
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"/> <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"/> apply Certificate "TrustedCertificate=certificate.pem" "SecurityProfileName=secProfile" 
"Overwrite=True"
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"/>
</screen><?Pub Caret 340?></example>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00724_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00725_.dita"></link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000004566?>
