<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00331_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Creating the remote syslog server configuration by using the
command line</title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can create the remote syslog server
configuration by using the <cmdname>imaserver create RemoteLogServer</cmdname> command
on the command line.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<steps-unordered>
<step><cmd>To create the remote syslog server configuration, enter
the following command:</cmd><info><note>The command must be capitalized
as shown, and must use the double quotation marks as shown.</note><p><codeph><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> create
RemoteLogServer "Host=<varname>host</varname>" "Port=<varname>port</varname>"
"Driver=<varname>driver</varname>" "Enabled=True|False"</codeph></p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>host</dt>
<dd>Specifies the host name or IP address of the remote syslog server.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>port</dt>
<dd>Specifies the port number to use to connect to the remote syslog
server.</dd>
<dd>The port number must be in the range 1 - 65535.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>driver</dt>
<dd>Specifies how the log messages are formatted and sent to the remote
syslog server. Log messages are formatted according to the syslog
protocol defined in RFC 5424 and then sent over TCP or UDP. You can
specify one of the following values:<ul>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>syslog-tcp</dt>
<dd>Log messages are sent over TCP.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>syslog-udp</dt>
<dd>Log messages are sent over UDP.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
</ul></dd>
</dlentry></dl> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>"Enabled=True|False"</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies whether message forwarding is enabled.</dd>
<dd>The default value is True.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
</ul></info></step>
</steps-unordered>
<example>The following example shows the creation of the remote syslog
server configuration:<screen><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> create RemoteLogServer "Host=192.160.24.1" "Port=512" "Driver=syslog-tcp"
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></screen></example><?Pub
Caret -1?>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00330_.dita"></link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002617?>
