<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="ad00994_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Viewing the status of the high availability service by using a <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPI"/></title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>System administrators can view the status of the high availability (HA) service by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API GET method. </shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<taskbody>
<context>
<p>You can view HA service status by using <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>, or by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>. For more information about using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> to view HA service status, see <xref
href="ad00401_.dita"/>.</p>
</context>
<steps-unordered>
<step>
        <cmd>To view the status of the HA service, use the <ph
            conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API GET method with the following
            <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> service URI:</cmd>
        <info>
          <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/service/status/HighAvailability</codeph></p>
          <note>The status of the HA service is also returned as part of the data that is returned
            from the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API GET method with
            the following URI:</note>
          <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/service/status</codeph></p>
        </info>
      </step>
</steps-unordered>
<result>The following HA status information is returned:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Status</dt>
<dd>Whether HA is running or not. Possible values, and their meanings, are:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Active</dt>
<dd>HA is enabled and is running.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Inactive</dt>
<dd>HA is not running. If HA is enabled, the HA service attempts to restart if the server is restarted.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl></dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Enabled</dt>
<dd>Whether HA is enabled or not. Possible values, and their meanings, are:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>true</dt>
<dd>HA is enabled.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>false</dt>
<dd>HA is not enabled. The HA service does not attempt to restart if the server is restarted.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl></dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Group</dt>
<dd>The name of the HA group to which the server belongs.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>NewRole</dt>
<dd>The current role of the server in the HA pair. Possible values, and their meanings, are:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>PRIMARY</dt>
<dd>The server is running as a primary node.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>STANDBY</dt>
<dd>The server is running as the standby node.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>HADISABLED</dt>
<dd>The server is disabled in the HA pair and is not restarted.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>UNSYNC</dt>
<dd>The server is out of sync with the primary node. An attempt will be made to synchronize the server with the primary node.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>UNSYNC_ERROR</dt>
<dd>The server has become unsynchronized due to an unrecoverable error.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>UNKNOWN</dt>
<dd>If HA is enabled and the server is restarted, the initial role of the server is UNKNOWN until the role of the server is set during the synchronization process.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl></dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>OldRole</dt>
<dd>The previous role of the server in the HA pair. Possible values, and their meanings, are:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>PRIMARY</dt>
<dd>The server is running as a primary node.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>STANDBY</dt>
<dd>The server is running as the standby node.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>HADISABLED</dt>
<dd>The server is disabled in the HA pair and is not restarted.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>UNSYNC</dt>
<dd>The server is out of sync with the primary node. An attempt will be made to synchronize the server with the primary node.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>UNSYNC_ERROR</dt>
<dd>The server has become unsynchronized due to an unrecoverable error.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>UNKNOWN</dt>
<dd>If HA is enabled and the server is restarted, the initial role of the server is UNKNOWN until the role of the server is set during the synchronization process.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl></dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>ActiveNodes</dt>
<dd>The number of active nodes in the HA pair.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>SyncNodes</dt>
<dd>The number of synchronized nodes in the HA pair.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>PrimaryLastTime</dt>
<dd>The time when the server became the primary server in the HA pair. </dd>
<dd>This field is returned only on the primary server.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>PctSyncCompletion</dt>
<dd>The progress, expressed as a percentage, that has been reached in the synchronization procedure on the primary node. </dd>
<dd>A value of -1 is presented if synchronization is not in process or if the server is not the primary server.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>ReasonCode </dt>
<dd>The reason code if the server is in an error state.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry otherprops="postga">
<dt>RemoteServerName</dt>
<dd>The name of the other server in the HA pair.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl><p>If the status is <codeph>Inactive</codeph> but HA is enabled, there might be a problem that is preventing HA from running. After you have resolved the problem, you can enable HA. For more information about enabling HA, see <xref
format="dita" href="ad00992_.dita" scope="local" type="task"/>.</p></result>
<example>
<p>The following example demonstrates displaying the HA service by using cURL. </p>
<codeblock>curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/service/status/HighAvailability
</codeblock>
<p>The following example shows an example response to the GET method:</p>
<codeblock>
{
  "Version":"v1",
  "HighAvailability": {
    "Status": "Active",
    "Enabled": true,
    "Group": "MyHAGroup",
    "NewRole": "PRIMARY",
    "OldRole": "PRIMARY",
    "ActiveNodes": 2,
    "SyncNodes": 2,
    "PrimaryLastTime": "2016-04-21T19:30:05Z",
    "PctSyncCompletion": -1,
    "ReasonCode": 0,
    "RemoteServerName": "ServerB.mycompany.com"
  }
}

</codeblock>
</example>
</taskbody>
</task>
