<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00372_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring an LDAP server by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
/></title>
<shortdesc>System administrators and messaging administrators can configure an LDAP server
    connection by using the <uicontrol>User Authentication</uicontrol> page in the <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>You can configure an LDAP server connection by using the <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>, or by using <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>. For more information about using <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"
      /> to configure an LDAP server connection, see <xref href="ad00373_.dita"
      />.</p>For more information about the components that you must specify when you configure an LDAP server connection, see <xref
      href="ad00370_.dita"/>.</context>
<steps>
<step>
        <cmd>Go to the <uicontrol>User Authentication</uicontrol> page in one of the following
          ways:</cmd>
        <choices>
          <choice>From the <uicontrol>Home</uicontrol> tab, click <uicontrol>LDAP
Configuration</uicontrol> in the <uicontrol>Configure IBM Watson IoT Platform - Message Gateway to
accept connections</uicontrol> pane.</choice>
          <choice>From the <uicontrol>Server</uicontrol> menu, click <uicontrol>User
              Authentication</uicontrol>.</choice>
        </choices>
      </step>
<step><cmd>Choose an action:</cmd><info><p>From the <uicontrol>External
LDAP</uicontrol> pane:</p></info>
<choices>
<choice>To edit an external LDAP server connection, click the <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol>
            icon.</choice>
<choice>To enable the use of LDAP servers to manage messaging users and groups, click
              <uicontrol>Enable LDAP</uicontrol>.<p>This option is only available if LDAP is
              disabled. If you enable LDAP, you cannot edit, or delete the <ph
                conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> messaging users and
            groups.</p></choice>
<choice>To disable the use of an LDAP server to manage messaging and
groups, click <uicontrol>Disable LDAP</uicontrol>.<p>This option is
only available if LDAP is enabled.</p></choice>
<choice>To test an LDAP server connection, select the LDAP server
connection, and select <uicontrol>Test connection</uicontrol> from
the <uicontrol>Other Actions</uicontrol> list.</choice>
     <choice>To reset an LDAP server connection, select the LDAP server connection, and select
       <uicontrol>Reset</uicontrol> from the <uicontrol>Other Actions</uicontrol> list.</choice>
</choices>
<info><p><note>If you update the LDAP certificate, the new LDAP settings
will be used the next time a client or connection is authenticated
or authorized.</note><?Pub Caret -1?></p></info></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003327?>
