<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="ad00391_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring the admin endpoint by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/></title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>System administrators can view and configure the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"
/>  admin endpoint by using the <uicontrol>Appliance</uicontrol> tab in the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>.</shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<taskbody>
<context>
<p>You can configure the admin endpoint by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>, or by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPI"/>.  For more information about using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPI"/> to configure the admin endpoint, see <xref
format="dita" href="ad00392_.dita" scope="local" type="task"/>.</p>
</context>
<steps>
<step>
<cmd>Select the <uicontrol>Appliance</uicontrol> tab to display the <uicontrol>Admin Endpoint Configuration</uicontrol> page.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>In the <uicontrol>Admin Superuser</uicontrol> section, review the admin superuser ID.</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>To change the admin superuser ID, click <uicontrol>Change User ID</uicontrol> and specify the user ID that you require.</choice>
<choice>To change the admin superuser password, click <uicontrol>Change Password</uicontrol> and specify and confirm the password that you require.</choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>In the <uicontrol>Admin Endpoint</uicontrol> section, click <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> to change the values for IP address, port, and security profile, and to add, delete, and change the order of configuration policies.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>In the <uicontrol>Configuration Policies</uicontrol> section, add, delete, and edit configuration policies.</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>To add a configuration policy, click the <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol> icon.</choice>
<choice>To delete a configuration policy, select the policy and click the <uicontrol>Delete</uicontrol> icon.</choice>
<choice>To edit a configuration policy, select the policy and click the <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> icon.</choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol> to save any changes that you make.</cmd>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00390_.dita"/>
</related-links>
</task>
