<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="ad00132_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> retained
messages</title>
<shortdesc>You can send retained messages between <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> and <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> by using the <codeph>RetainedMessages</codeph> parameter
in a destination mapping rule.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>The <codeph>RetainedMessages</codeph> parameter can be used to
specify that either all the messages, or none of the messages, that
are forwarded by using the destination mapping rule are forwarded
as retained messages. This parameter overrides any settings from the
original message publisher.</p>
<p>You can specify that all messages are retained messages only for
destination mapping rules with a single queue manager connection.
The destination mapping rule cannot be a rule that maps to an <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> queue, or a <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> queue.</p>
<p>To clear retained messages that are sent between <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> and <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph>, you must clear
the messages on both servers. To ensure that the retained message
is not resent, first clear the message from the source of the destination
mapping rule. Then, clear the message from the destination of the
rule. You can delete an MQTT retained message from <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> by sending a
retained message with a zero length payload. The message is delivered
normally, and the current retained message is cleared. You can delete
a retained message in <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> by
using the <cmdname>CLEAR TOPICSTR</cmdname> MQSC command. For more
information about the <cmdname>CLEAR TOPICSTR</cmdname> command, see <xref
href="http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSFKSJ_7.5.0/com.ibm.mq.ref.adm.doc/q085480_.htm"
scope="external">CLEAR TOPICSTR</xref> in the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> documentation.</p><?Pub
Caret 619?>
<p>For more information about configuring destination mapping rules,
see <xref format="dita" href="ad00110_.dita" scope="local" type="concept"></xref>.</p>
</conbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="../Overview/ov00033.dita" scope="local"
type="concept"></link>
<link format="dita" href="../Developing/devretainmsg.dita" scope="local"
type="concept"></link>
</related-links>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000002792?>
