<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00313_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Creating an <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging
user by using the command line</title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can create <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging users
by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>user
add</cmdname> command on the command line.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context>You can create an <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging user
by using the command line, or by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>. For more
information about using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> to create
an <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging
user, see <xref href="ad00311_.dita"></xref>.<p>For more information
about the components you must specify to create a <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging user,
including naming restrictions, see <xref href="ad00310_.dita"></xref>.</p><p>The <codeph>Type=Messaging</codeph> parameter
in the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>user
add</cmdname> command specifies that the type of user created is a
messaging user. If you change this parameter, you do not create a
messaging user.</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>To create an <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging user,
enter the following command:</cmd><info><note>The command must be
capitalized as shown, and must use the double quotation marks as shown.</note><p><codeph><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> user add
"UserID=<varname>UserID</varname>" "Type=Messaging" "Password=<varname>password</varname>"
"GroupMembership=<varname>GroupID</varname>" "Description=<varname>description</varname>"</codeph></p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>UserID</dt>
<dd>Specifies the User ID for the messaging user.</dd>
<dd>The name cannot contain leading or trailing spaces. The name must be unique. The name is not
case sensitive.</dd>
<dd>To use a double quotation mark in the User ID, you must escape
it with a double quotation mark. That is, you must precede the double
quotation mark with another double quotation mark. For example, For
a User ID of <codeph>abc"123</codeph>, enter <codeph>"UserID=abc""123"</codeph></dd>
<dd>After the user is created, the User ID cannot be changed.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>password</dt>
<dd>Specifies the password for the messaging user.</dd>
<dd>The password cannot contain leading or trailing spaces.</dd>
<dd>To use a double quotation mark in the password, you must escape
it with a double quotation mark. That is, you must precede the double
quotation mark with another double quotation mark. For example, For
a password of <codeph>pass"word</codeph>, enter <codeph>"Password=pass""word"</codeph></dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>GroupID</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the messaging group that the messaging user is a member
of. The messaging group must exist. For more information about creating
a messaging group by using the command line, see <xref
href="ad00317_.dita"></xref>.</dd>
<dd>If you do not want the messaging user to be a member of a messaging
group, omit <codeph>"GroupMembership=<varname>GroupID</varname>"</codeph> from
the command.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>description</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies a description for the user.</dd>
<dd>If you do not want a description, omit <codeph>"Description=<varname>description</varname>"</codeph> from
the command.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></info></step>
</steps>
<example>The following example shows the creation of an <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging user
that is called <codeph>TEST</codeph>, with a password of <codeph>test</codeph>. <codeph>TEST</codeph> is
a member of the <codeph>testGroup</codeph> messaging group.<screen><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> user add "UserID=TEST" "Type=Messaging" "Password=test" "GroupMembership=testGroup"
The user has been added successfully.
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></screen><?Pub
Caret -1?></example>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00310_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00312_.dita"></link>
<link format="dita" href="../Security/se00002_.dita" scope="local"
type="concept"></link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000004796?>
