<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002--><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?><?Pub Inc?><concept id="ad00700_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring security</title>
<shortdesc>You can configure a number of security components. You can configure certificate profiles
  and security profiles to secure your endpoints. You can upload client certificates to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> truststore. You can configure Lightweight Third
  Party Authentication (LTPA) and OAuth. You can enable FIPS-compliant security. All these security
  components can be configured either by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" /> or by using <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs" />.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<section><title>Configuring security for an endpoint</title><p>Transport
Layer Security (TLS) is configured on an endpoint by using a security
profile. The security profile specifies the certificate profile, and
the authentication method (for example, the LTPA profile) that are
used with the endpoint. You can choose to apply different security
profiles to different endpoints, or you can apply the same security
profile to multiple endpoints.</p><p>Security is also provided by
using connection policies and messaging policies. These policies control
which clients can connect to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" />, and perform
messaging actions. For more information about connection policies,
messaging policies, and securing <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" />, see <xref href="../Security/se00000_.dita" />.</p><p>To set up TLS on an <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> endpoint, complete
the following steps.<ol>
<li>Create a certificate profile. Certificate profiles define the
server certificates that are used to control TLS. For more information,
see <xref href="ad00710_.dita" />.</li>
<li>Create a security profile with TLS enabled. Security profiles
define the security that is applied to an endpoint. Security profiles
include information about the certificate profile that is required
for TLS. <p>Ensure that TLS is enabled on the security profile; by
default, TLS is enabled. For more information about enabling TLS,
see <xref href="ad00740_.dita" />.</p><p>You can ensure that
you comply with the NIST 800-131a requirements by using appropriate
settings in your security profiles. For more information, see <xref href="ad00740_.dita" />.</p></li>
<li>Optionally, import client certificates. Client certificates can
be used to verify that a client is who it claims to be. For more information,
see <xref href="ad00720_.dita" />.</li>
<li>Apply the security profile to the endpoint. For more information,
see <xref href="ad00360_.dita" />.</li>
</ol></p><p>You can also configure FIPS-compliant security. For more
information, see <xref href="ad00750_.dita" />.</p><p><note>MQTT <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="JavaScript" tmclass="IGNORE">JavaScript</tm> clients that use
SSL might not be able to connect to a secure endpoint if the browser
detects certain problems with the certificate. An example of such
a problem is a mismatch between the Common Name (CN) field in the
certificate and the DNS name of your server. If your client cannot
connect to a secure endpoint on the server, you can see any reported
problems with the certificate by attempting to connect over HTTPS.
You can attempt to connect to the server and port that you are using
for the WebSockets connection over HTTPS by entering <codeph>https://<varname>server</varname>:<varname>port</varname></codeph> in
the URL field of your browser.</note></p></section>
<section><title>Disabling TLS</title><p>You can disable TLS in one
of the following ways:<ul>
<li>Disable TLS in the security profile that is associated with the
endpoint. If you disable TLS in the security profile, then TLS is
disabled on all endpoints that use the security profile.</li>
<li>Remove the reference in the endpoint to the security profile.</li>
</ul></p></section>
</conbody>
<?tm 1413223997 1?>
</concept><?Pub Caret -3?><?Pub *0000004223?>
