<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00772_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring the Integrated Management Module II interface by
using the command line</title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can configure the Integrated Management
Module II (IMM2) LAN interface IP address of the appliance by using
the <cmdname>device immlan set</cmdname> command on the command line.
System administrators can view the IMM2 interface configuration of
the appliance by using the <cmdname>device immlan get</cmdname> command
on the command line.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context>You can configure IMM2 LAN interface IP address of the appliance
by using the command line.</context>
<steps-unordered>
<step><cmd>To set the IMM2 LAN interface IP address, enter the following
command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>device immlan set dhcp|static <varname>IP
address</varname>/<varname>netmaskbits</varname> [<varname>defaultGateway</varname> ]</codeph></p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>dhcp</dt>
<dd>Specifies that the IMM2 LAN interface IP address is to be assigned
by DHCP.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>static</dt>
<dd>Specifies that the IMM2 LAN interface IP address is to be assigned
a static value.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>IP address</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the static IPv4 network address to be assigned to the
IMM2 LAN interface in classless inter-domain routing format (CIDR)
format.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>netmaskbits</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the number of netmask bits.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>defaultGateway</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the static IPv 4 network address of the default gateway
to be used for IP routing over the IMM2 LAN interface. You cannot
specify a netmask on this address.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul><ul>
<li>Specify IPv4 addresses only; do not use IPv6 addresses.</li>
</ul></info></step>
<step><cmd>To view the IMM2 LAN interface configuration, enter the
following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>device immlan get</codeph></p></info>
</step>
</steps-unordered>
<example>Set and then retrieve the IMM2 LAN interface IP address.<screen><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> device immlan set static 9.3.174.96/24 9.3.174.1
Ok
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> device immlan get
IMM LAN port IP info: static 9.3.174.96/24 9.3.174.1
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></screen></example><?Pub
Caret 48?>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00770_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00200_.dita"></link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002854?>
