<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00311_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging
users and groups by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph></title><?Pub
Caret -1?>
<shortdesc>System administrators and messaging administrators can
configure <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging
users and groups by using the <uicontrol>Users and Groups</uicontrol> page
in the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>You can use an external LDAP server to manage your messaging
users and groups. For more information, see <xref href="ad00371_.dita"></xref>.</p><p>You
can configure <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging
users and groups by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>, or by using
the command line. For more information about using the command line
to configure <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging
users and groups, see <xref href="ad00312_.dita"></xref>.</p>For more
information about the components that you must specify when you configure
an <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging
user or group, see <xref href="ad00310_.dita"></xref>.</context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Go to the <uicontrol>Users and Groups</uicontrol> page
in one of the following ways:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>From the <uicontrol>Home</uicontrol> tab, click <uicontrol>Messaging
Users and Groups</uicontrol> in the <uicontrol>Create users and groups</uicontrol> pane.</choice>
<choice>From the <uicontrol>Messaging</uicontrol> menu, click <uicontrol>Users
and Groups</uicontrol>.</choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step><cmd>Choose an action:</cmd><info><p>From the <uicontrol>Messaging
Groups</uicontrol> pane:</p></info>
<choices>
<choice>To add a messaging group, click the <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol> icon.</choice>
<choice>To delete a messaging group, select the group and click the <uicontrol>Delete</uicontrol> icon.</choice>
<choice>To edit a messaging group, select the group and click the <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> icon.</choice>
</choices>
<info>From the <uicontrol>Messaging Users</uicontrol> pane:</info>
<choices>
<choice>To add a messaging user, click the <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol> icon.</choice>
<choice>To delete a messaging user, select the user and click the <uicontrol>Delete</uicontrol> icon.</choice>
<choice>To edit a messaging user, select the user and click the <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> icon.</choice>
<choice>To reset the password of a messaging user, select the user
and click <uicontrol>Other Actions > Reset Password</uicontrol>.</choice>
</choices>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="../Security/se00002_.dita" scope="local">
</link>
<link href="ad00310_.dita"></link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003119?>
