<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="ad00401_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"
        /> servers as an HA pair by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
        /></title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>In this scenario, a server that has HA disabled is now paired with another server to act as its backup. System administrators can configure a pair of servers for high availability (HA) by using the <uicontrol>High Availability</uicontrol> page in the <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>.</shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<taskbody>
<context>
            <p>You can configure <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"
                /> servers for high availability by using the <ph
                conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> or by using <ph
                conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"
                />. For more information about using the <ph
                conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"
                /> to configure servers for high availability, see <xref href="ad00992_.dita"/>.</p>
            <p>In this scenario, Server A is already member of a cluster, and becomes the primary node. Server B becomes the standby node in the HA pair. Server A can be a server that has data on it. Server B must be a newly installed <ph
                conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
                /> server or you must complete Step 1 to remove any pre-existing data. </p>
<note otherprops="delete" type="important"><!--28438-->The following scenario describes changing one
                server from standby to primary if one of the servers is stopped.<ul>
                    <li>An HA pair of servers are identified as HA1 and HA2. Both are configured
                        with <uicontrol>Auto-detect</uicontrol> selected under <uicontrol>Startup
                            Mode</uicontrol>. <sl>
                            <sli>HA1 is active and is the standby server</sli>
                            <sli>HA2 is active and is the primary server</sli>
                        </sl></li>
                    <li>HA2 is stopped. So, now HA1 is active and is the standby server.</li>
                    <li>Next, you stop HA1. Now both HA1 and HA2 are stopped.</li>
                    <li>If you restart HA1, you will get a message saying it can't determine the
                        true HA status because HA2 is still down.</li>
                    <li>In order to bring HA1 up as the primary with HA2 still stopped, you need to
                        select <uicontrol>Standalone</uicontrol> under <uicontrol>Startup
                            Mode</uicontrol>.</li>
                </ul><!--28455--><p>Do not select <uicontrol>Standalone</uicontrol> under
                        <uicontrol> Startup Mode</uicontrol> if another node is already running and
                    is acting as a primary. Doing so could create a split-brain condition, where
                    both instances act as primary nodes. In this instance, both nodes will go into
                    maintenance mode. </p></note>
</context>
<steps>
<step importance="optional">
                <cmd>If Server B is a newly installed server, you do not need to perform this step. If Server B is not a newly installed server and has been used for messaging services, you must delete any JMS queues that exist on the server and then clean the store. </cmd>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>If necessary, delete any existing JMS queues. For more information about deleting queues, see <xref
                            href="ad00351_.dita"/>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Server Control</uicontrol> in the <uicontrol>Server</uicontrol> menu.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Clean store</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                        <info>This step cleans the store and restarts the server.</info>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
<step>
            <cmd> <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> supports user provided TLS credentials for 
            High Availability Pairing. Providing the credentials prior to creating the HA pair is recommended to avoid
            migrating the cluster. See <xref href="hatls.dita"/>.</cmd>
</step>

<step>
                <cmd>Configure high availability on Server A: </cmd>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>From the <uicontrol>Server</uicontrol> menu, select <uicontrol>High
                                Availability</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> in the
                                <uicontrol>Configuration</uicontrol> panel.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Select <uicontrol>High Availability Enabled</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Complete the <uicontrol>High Availability Group</uicontrol> field.</cmd>
                        <info>The value must be the same on Server A and Server B. </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Under <uicontrol>Replication and Discovery Addresses</uicontrol>:</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <ol>
                                <li>Type the IP address of the replication interface of the local node in Local Replication Address. For example, 192.0.2.0</li>
                                <li>Type the IP address of the discovery interface of the local node in Local Discovery Address. For example, 192.0.3.0</li>
                                <li>Type the IP address of the discovery interface on the other node
(Server B) in the HA pair in Remote Discovery Address. For example, 192.0.3.2</li>
                            </ol>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Expand the <uicontrol>Advanced Settings</uicontrol> section by clicking the twistie. </cmd>
                        <info>
                            <ol>
                                <li>Ensure that <uicontrol>Auto-detect</uicontrol> is selected as the <uicontrol>Startup Mode</uicontrol>.</li>
                                <li>Select the <uicontrol>When both nodes start in auto-detect mode, this node is the preferred primary node</uicontrol> check box.</li>
                                <li>In the <uicontrol>Discovery Timeout</uicontrol> field, type the amount of time in seconds that within which an server that is started in auto-detect mode has to connect to the other server in the HA pair.</li>
                                <li>In the <uicontrol>Heartbeat Timeout</uicontrol> field, type the amount of time within which an server has to determine if the other server in the HA pair has failed.</li>
                            </ol>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep id="save">
                        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Restart Later</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
<step>
                <cmd>Configure high availability on Server B: </cmd>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>From the <uicontrol>Server</uicontrol> menu, select <uicontrol>High
                                Availability</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> in the
                                <uicontrol>Configuration</uicontrol> panel.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Select <uicontrol>High Availability Enabled</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Complete the <uicontrol>High Availability Group</uicontrol>
                            field.</cmd>
                        <info>This value must match the value on Server A.</info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Under <uicontrol>Replication and Discovery Addresses</uicontrol>:</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <ol>
                                <li>Type the IP address of the replication interface of the local node in Local Replication Address. For example, 192.0.2.2</li>
                                <li>Type the IP address of the discovery interface of the local node in Local Discovery Address. For example, 192.0.3.2</li>
                                <li>Type the IP address of the discovery interface on the other node
(Server A) in the high availability pair in Remote Discovery Address. For example, 192.0.3.0</li>
                            </ol>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Expand the <uicontrol>Advanced Settings</uicontrol> section by clicking the twistie. </cmd>
                        <info>
                            <ol>
                                <li>Ensure that <uicontrol>Auto-detect</uicontrol> is selected as the <uicontrol>Startup Mode</uicontrol>.</li>
                                <li>Ensure that the <uicontrol>When both nodes start in auto-detect mode, this node is the preferred primary node</uicontrol> check box is not selected.</li>
                                <li>In the <uicontrol>Discovery Timeout</uicontrol> field, type the amount of time in seconds that within which an server that is started in auto-detect mode has to connect to the other server in the HA pair.</li>
                                <li>In the <uicontrol>Heartbeat Timeout</uicontrol> field, type the amount of time within which an server has to determine if the other server in the HA pair has failed.</li>
                            </ol>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Restart Later</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <?Pub Caret -1?>
                </substeps>
            </step>
<step>
                <cmd>Restart both <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
                    /> servers:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <note type="tip"
                        >As a best practice, restart the standby server first. Then restart the primary to limit the amount of time that the primary spends waiting for the standby to become available.</note>
                </info>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Server Control</uicontrol> in the <uicontrol>Server</uicontrol> menu.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Restart the server by clicking <uicontrol>Restart the server</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
</steps>
<result>When the HA pair is up and running, you can view the status of each server from the
                <uicontrol>Status</uicontrol> menu on the <ph
                conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>. You can view further
            information on the status of the server by using the <uicontrol>Server
                Control</uicontrol> page. You can view further information about the HA role of the
            server by using the <uicontrol>High Availability</uicontrol> page.</result>
</taskbody>
</task>
