<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00303_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Creating and updating a server user by using the command line</title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can create server users by using the command line.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context>You can create and update a server user by using the command line, or by using the <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>. For more information about using the <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> to create an appliance user, see <xref
    href="ad00301_.dita"/>.<p>For more information about the components you must specify to create
    an appliance user, including naming restrictions, see <xref href="ad00300_.dita"/>.</p><p>The
     <codeph>Type=WebUI</codeph> parameter in the <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"/>
    <cmdname>user add</cmdname> command specifies that the type of user created is an administrative
    user. If you change this parameter, you do not create an administrative user.</p></context>
<steps>
<step>
    <cmd>To create or update a server user, enter the following command:</cmd>
    <info><p><codeph><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"/> user add
        "UserID=<varname>UserID</varname>" "Type=WebUI" "Password=<varname>password</varname>"
        "GroupMembership=<varname>group</varname>"
       "Description=<varname>description</varname>"</codeph></p>Where:<ul>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>UserID</dt>
         <dd>Specifies the user ID for the appliance user.</dd>
         <dd>The name must be unique. The name can only contain the letters A - Z and a - z, the
          numbers 0 - 9, and the following characters:</dd>
         <dd><codeph>- _ . +</codeph></dd>
         <dd>After the user is created, the user ID cannot be changed.</dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>password</dt>
         <dd>Specifies the password for the appliance user.</dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>group</dt>
         <dd>Specifies the group membership for the appliance user.</dd>
         <dd>The group must be one of the following values:<ul>
           <li><parmname>SystemAdministrators</parmname></li>
           <li><parmname>MessagingAdministrators</parmname></li>
           <li><parmname>Users</parmname></li>
          </ul></dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>description</dt>
         <dd>Optional.</dd>
         <dd>Specifies a description for the user.</dd>
         <dd>If you do not want a description, omit
            <codeph>"Description=<varname>description</varname>"</codeph> from the command.</dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
     </ul></info>
   </step>
</steps>
<example>The following example shows the creation of an appliance
user that is called <codeph>TEST</codeph>, with a password of <codeph>test</codeph>. <codeph>TEST</codeph> is
a member of the <codeph>SystemAdministrators</codeph> group.<screen><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> user add "UserID=TEST" "Type=WebUI" "Password=test" "GroupMembership=SystemAdministrators"
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></screen><?Pub
Caret 158?></example>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00300_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00302_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00200_.dita"></link>
<link format="dita" href="../Security/se00001_.dita" scope="local"
type="concept"></link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003752?>
