<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002--><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?><?Pub Inc?><task id="ad00820" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Tuning messaging performance for the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> resource adapter
in <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was" /></title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. Use Edit > Un Comment to have the tags made live.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>To help optimize messaging performance, you can tune the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> resource adapter
properties that control the performance of message-driven beans and
other messaging applications.</shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<taskbody>
<context><p>You can optimize the performance of messaging by tuning
specific <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> resource
adapter parameters. You can set these parameters by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was" /> administrative
console or by using the wsadmin tool.</p><p>For information about
tuning the performance of <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was" />, see the tuning
sections in <xref href="http://www.redbooks.ibm.com/abstracts/SG248056.html?Open" scope="external"><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="WebSphere">WebSphere</tm> Application
Server V8.5 Administration and Configuration Guide for the Full Profile</xref>.</p><p>Complete
the following steps to optimize the messaging performance for the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> resource adapter
in <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was" /> by using
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was" /> administrative
console:</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Monitor MDB thread pool size for the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> resource adapter.</cmd>
<stepresult><p>If an insufficient number of threads are available
for your message-driven beans, a performance bottleneck can be created.
There is a compromise between providing enough threads to maximize
the throughput of messages and configuring too many threads. Configuring
too many threads can lead to CPU starvation of the threads in the
application server. If you notice that the throughput of messages
falls after you increase the size of the default thread pool, then
decrease the size of the thread pool and reassess the message throughput.</p><ol>
<li>View or modify the number of threads in your default thread pool
for a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was" />. <p>By
default, message-driven beans use the default thread pool. The best
performance is obtained by setting the <uicontrol>Maximum size</uicontrol> value
to the expected maximum concurrency for all message-driven beans. </p><ol>
<li>Click <menucascade><uicontrol>Servers</uicontrol><uicontrol>Server
Types</uicontrol><uicontrol>WebSphere application servers</uicontrol>
<uicontrol><varname>server_name</varname></uicontrol><uicontrol>[Additional
Properties] Thread Pools</uicontrol><uicontrol>Default</uicontrol>
</menucascade>.</li>
<li>Optional. Change the <uicontrol>Maximum size</uicontrol> value,
then click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</li>
</ol><p /></li>
<li>Optional. Create your own thread pool. <p>The default thread pool
is used by a number of  <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was" /> components, so
you might want to define a separate thread pool for the message-driven
beans. Creating your own thread pool reduces contention for the default
thread pool. </p><ol>
<li>Click <menucascade><uicontrol>Servers</uicontrol><uicontrol>Server
Types</uicontrol><uicontrol>WebSphere application servers</uicontrol>
<uicontrol><varname>server_name</varname></uicontrol><uicontrol>[Additional
Properties] Thread Pools</uicontrol></menucascade>.</li>
<li>Create a thread pool.</li>
<li>Create enough threads to support the maximum amount of concurrent
work for your message-driven beans.</li>
<li>Change the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> resource
adapter to use your new thread pool by completing the following steps:<ol>
<li>Click <menucascade><uicontrol>Resources</uicontrol><uicontrol>Resource
Adapters</uicontrol><uicontrol> Resource adapters</uicontrol>
</menucascade>.</li>
<li>Select the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> resource
adapter with the appropriate scope. The scope of your resource adapter
depends upon the scope of your connection factories.</li>
<li>Replace the name in the <uicontrol>Thread pool alias</uicontrol> box
with your new thread pool name.</li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Apply</uicontrol>.</li>
</ol></li>
</ol></li>
<li>Save your changes to the master configuration.</li>
</ol></stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>Tune MDB performance with the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> resource adapter.</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Click <menucascade><uicontrol>Resources</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Resource Adapters</uicontrol><uicontrol> Resource adapters</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>J2C activation specifications</uicontrol><uicontrol><varname>activation_specification_name</varname></uicontrol>
<uicontrol>J2C activation specification custom properties</uicontrol>
</menucascade>.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Change the <parmname>clientMessageCache</parmname> setting
for the activation specification. </cmd><stepxmp><p>The default value
of <codeph>-1</codeph> sets the message cache size to <codeph>1000</codeph> for
unshared topic subscriptions and to <codeph>0</codeph> for all other
cases.  Delivering a larger number of messages to each MDB endpoint
can improve performance.  However, in the cases of queues with multiple
consumers, and shared topic subscriptions, keep the default value
of <codeph>-1</codeph> if messages must be distributed evenly across
consumers.</p></stepxmp></substep>
<substep><cmd>Change the <parmname>concurrentConsumers</parmname> setting
for the activation specification.</cmd><stepxmp><p>The <parmname>concurrentConsumers</parmname> property
controls the amount of concurrent work that can be processed by a
message bean. Increasing the number of concurrent consumers can improve
performance but can also increase the number of threads that are in
use at one time. To benefit from increasing the value of this property,
you must have enough threads available in the MDB thread pool to support
the concurrent work. However, if message order must be retained across
failed deliveries, keep the default value of <codeph>1</codeph>.</p></stepxmp>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Save your changes to the master configuration.</cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step><cmd>Change the maximum connections in a connection factory
for the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> resource
adapter.</cmd><info><p>The maximum connections parameter limits the
number of local connections. The default is <codeph>10</codeph>. You
might need to set this parameter to be as large as the number of threads
(enterprise beans) that are concurrently sending messages. </p></info>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Click <menucascade><uicontrol>Resources</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Resource Adapters</uicontrol><uicontrol> Resource adapters</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>J2C connection factories</uicontrol><uicontrol><varname>factory_name</varname></uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Connection pool properties</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Enter the required value in the <uicontrol>Maximum connections</uicontrol> field.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Apply</uicontrol>.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Save your changes to the master configuration.</cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<?tm 1413224007 1?>
</task><?Pub *0000008339?>
