<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="ad00920" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title>HTTP status codes</title>
    <!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
    <!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
    <!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
    <shortdesc>You can use standard HTTP status codes to understand the success or failure of a
        request. </shortdesc>
    <conbody>
<section>
<title>HTTP status codes and explanations</title>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>HTTP 200: OK</dt>
<dd>The request has succeeded completely. A response body is provided that contains the results of
the request.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>HTTP 202: Accepted</dt>
<dd>The request has been accepted for processing, but processing is not complete.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>HTTP <tm trademark="400" tmtype="reg" tmclass="IGNORE">400</tm>: Bad Request</dt>
<dd>The request was missing required input, had errors in the provided input, or included extraneous
input. Additional information regarding the error is provided in an error response body that
includes a reason code with additional information.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>HTTP 403: Forbidden </dt>
<dd>The request is valid, but the server is not responding to the request.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>HTTP 404: Not found</dt>
<dd>The requested resource cannot be found or does not exist.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>HTTP 501: Not implemented</dt>
<dd>The request method is not recognized by the server, or the server is not able to complete the
request.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>HTTP 503: Service unavailable</dt>
<dd>The server is currently unable to handle the request due to a temporary overloading or
maintenance of the server.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</section>
</conbody>
</concept><?tm 1462277000641 1 400 ?>
