<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00413_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Bring back both appliances after both appliances fail simultaneously
by using the GUI</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. Use Edit > Un Comment to have the tags made live.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>In this scenario, a massive power loss causes both the
primary node and the standby node to fail. You must restart both nodes. </shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<taskbody>
<context><p>You can configure appliances for high availability by
using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>,
or by using the command line. For more information about using the
command line to configure appliances for high availability, see <xref
href="ad00414_.dita"></xref>. In this scenario, the content of the
store and configuration of Appliance A is preserved.</p></context>
<steps>
<step id="OnApplianceAGoToTheSystemControlPag"><cmd><tm tmclass="IGNORE"
tmtype="reg" trademark="Power">Power</tm> on both appliances.</cmd>
<info><p>If the server on one or both of the appliances does not start,
check the logs for messages. For more information about the log files,
see <xref format="dita" href="../Troubleshooting/tr00000_.dita"
scope="local"></xref>.</p></info></step>
<step><cmd>Verify that the server is running in production mode on
both appliances.</cmd><info>You can view the status of each appliance
from the <uicontrol>Status</uicontrol> menu on the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>. You can view
further information on the status of the appliance by using the <uicontrol>System
Control</uicontrol> page.</info></step>
<step><cmd> If either appliance is not running in production mode,
check the logs for messages and resolve the problem.</cmd><info>Depending
on the nature of the problem, you might need to perform further action
as described in <xref format="dita" href="ad00416_.dita" scope="local"
type="concept"></xref>.</info></step>
</steps>
<result>You can view further information about the high availability
role of the appliance by using the <uicontrol>High Availability</uicontrol> page.</result>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="../Troubleshooting/tr00007_.dita" scope="local"
type="task"></link>
<link format="dita" href="ad00280_.dita" scope="local" type="concept">
</link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1413223994 1?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003041?>
