<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="ad00760_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring OAuth</title><?Pub Caret -1?>
<shortdesc>You can configure OAuth by using OAuth profiles. The OAuth profile defines the URLs and
keys that are required to use OAuth single sign-on with <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>. The OAuth profile must be associated with a
security profile, and the security profile must be associated with an endpoint.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>For more information about OAuth, see <xref href="../Security/se00008_.dita"/>.</p>
<p>When you create an OAuth profile, you must specify the following components:<ul>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Name</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name that identifies the OAuth profile.</dd>
<dd>The name must not have leading or trailing spaces and cannot contain control characters, commas,
double quotation marks, backslashes, or equal signs. The first character must not be a number or any
of the following special characters: <p><codeph>! # $ % &amp; ' ( ) * + - . / : ; &lt; > ?
@</codeph></p></dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Resource URL</dt>
<dd>Specifies the authorization server URL that is used to validate the access token.</dd>
<dd>The URL must include the protocol. The protocol can be <codeph>http</codeph> or
<codeph>https</codeph>.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
</ul></p>
<p>You can also specify the following components:</p>
<ul>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>OAuth Server Certificate</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the file that contains the certificate that is used to secure the connection to the authorization server.</dd>
<dd>This parameter is known as the <parmname>KeyFileName </parmname> if you are using <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Check Server Certificate</dt>
<dd>Available in version 5.0.0.2 and later releases.  Possible options are as follows:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Use messaging server trust store</dt>
<dd>When connecting to the LDAP server, the certificate that is presented by the server is checked
using the certificate that is uploaded to the product trust store.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Use public trust store</dt>
<dd>The certificate that is presented by the LDAP server is checked against the public certificates
that are installed as part of the operating system.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Disable certificate verification</dt>
<dd>No certificate verification is performed when connecting to the LDAP server. This is an insecure
option that is designed for testing purposes only.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl></dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Authorization Key</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the key that is used to store the access token.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>User Info URL</dt>
<dd>Specifies the authorization server URL that is used to retrieve the user information.</dd>
<dd>The URL must include the protocol. The protocol can be <codeph>http</codeph> or <codeph>https</codeph>.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>User Info Key</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the key that is used to retrieve the user information.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Group Info Key</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the key that is used to retrieve the group information.</dd>
<dd> If this parameter is specified, <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> does not retrieve group information from any other source.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
</ul>
<p>For more information about configuring OAuth profiles by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>, see <xref href="ad00761_.dita"/>.</p>
<p>For more information about configuring OAuth profiles by using <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>, see <xref href="ad00763_.dita"/>.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000000916?>
