<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00292_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Setting the logging level by using <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"
    /></title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can set the logging level by using the <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq>You can set the logging level only if the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server is running.
For more information about starting the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server, see <xref
href="ad00280_.dita"></xref>.</prereq>
<context>You can set the logging level by using a REST Administration API, or by using the <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>. For more information about using the <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> to set the logging level, see <xref
    href="ad00291_.dita"/>.</context>
<steps-unordered>
   <step>
<cmd>Use the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API POST method.  </cmd>
<substeps>
<substep>
<cmd>Use the following <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM">
</ph> configuration URI: </cmd>
<info>
<p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration</codeph></p>
</info>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Provide log level configuration data in the payload of the POST method by using the following schema:</cmd>
<info><codeblock> 
{     
  "&lt;Log type>" : "MIN"|"MAX"|"NORMAL"      
}</codeblock>Where:<ul>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Log type</dt>
<dd>Specifies the type of log file on which you want to set the logging level. Log type can be one
of the following values:<ul>
<li>LogLevel</li>
<li>ConnectionLog</li>
<li>SecurityLog</li>
<li>AdminLog </li>
<li>MQConnectivityLog</li>
</ul></dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
</ul><p>The logging level can be set to one of the following values: <dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>MIN</dt>
<dd>A setting of MIN includes only the most important entries. </dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>MAX</dt>
<dd>A setting of MAX includes all entries. </dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>NORMAL</dt>
<dd>A setting of NORMAL includes all important entries. </dd>
</dlentry>
</dl></p><p>The following table show the types of log that are available and the corresponding log
files:</p>
<table id="datasimpletable_t5r_gzh_qfb">
<title>A number of log types are available, and these log types are associated with
specific log files. </title>
<tgroup cols="2">
<thead>
<row>
<entry>Log type</entry>
<entry>Log file</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>LogLevel</entry>
<entry>imaserver-default.log</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>ConnectionLog</entry>
<entry>imaserver-connection.log</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>SecurityLog</entry>
<entry>imaserver-security.log</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>AdminLog</entry>
<entry>imaserver-admin.log</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>MQConnectivityLog</entry>
<entry>imaserver-mqconnectivity.log</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
<p> For more information about the logs, see <xref href="ad00290_.dita"
/>.</p></info>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
</steps-unordered>
<example><p>The following example shows setting the logging level of <codeph><ph
            conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"/>-default.log</codeph> to
          <codeph>MAX</codeph>:<codeblock>curl -X POST -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d  '{ "LogLevel": "MAX" }' http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/configuration/</codeblock></p>
      <p>The following example shows setting the logging level of <codeph><ph
            conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"/>-default.log</codeph> to
          <codeph>NORMAL</codeph> and <codeph><ph
            conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"/>-connection.log</codeph> to
          <codeph>MAX</codeph>:<codeblock>curl -X POST -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d  '{ "LogLevel": "NORMAL", "ConnectionLog": "MAX" }' http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/configuration/</codeblock></p>The
      following shows an example response to the POST
      method.<codeblock>
{        
  "Version": "v1",
  "Code": "CWLNA6011",
  "Message": "The requested configuration change has completed successfully."
}
</codeblock></example>
</taskbody><?Pub Caret -1?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003661?>
