<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00713_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Creating a certificate profile by using the command line</title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can import a server certificate to
use in a certificate profile by using the <cmdname>file get</cmdname>,
and <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>apply
Certificate</cmdname> commands on the command line. System administrators
can create a certificate profile by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>create
CertificateProfile</cmdname> command on the command line.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>When you create a certificate profile, you must import
and apply a server certificate to use in the certificate profile.
If you use an encrypted certificate that contains both the certificate
and the key, you cannot apply the certificate by using the command
line. You must use the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> to apply the
server certificate.</p><p>You can create a certificate profile by
using the command line, or by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>. For more
information about using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> to create
a certificate profile, see <xref href="ad00711_.dita"></xref>.</p><p>For
more information about the components that you must specify when you
create certificate profiles, see <xref href="ad00710_.dita"></xref>.</p></context>
<steps>
<step id="1"><cmd>Import and apply a server certificate and key:</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Import a server certificate to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> by entering the
following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>file get <varname>certificateURL</varname> <varname>certificateName</varname></codeph></p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>certificateURL</dt>
<dd>Specifies the location of the server certificate in the following
format: <codeph>scp://<varname>username</varname>@<varname>hostname</varname>:/<varname>filepath</varname></codeph></dd>
<dd>For example, <codeph>scp://admin@example.com:/certificates/certificate.pem</codeph></dd>
<dd>You cannot specify the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> IP address as
the SCP host name.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>certificateName</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name to use for the certificate when it is uploaded
to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.</dd>
<dd>The name cannot include any path elements.</dd>
<dd>You can use a period (.) to specify that the name of the certificate
when it is uploaded to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> is
the same name as the certificate on the remote server.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul><note>The server certificate must be a PEM format certificate.</note></info>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Import a private key that matches the imported certificate,
by entering the following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>file get <varname>keyURL</varname> <varname>keyName</varname></codeph></p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>keyURL</dt>
<dd>Specifies the location of the certificate key in the following
format: <codeph>scp://<varname>username</varname>@<varname>hostname</varname>:/<varname>filepath</varname></codeph></dd>
<dd>For example, <codeph>scp://admin@example.com:/certificateKeys/certificateKey.pem</codeph></dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>keyName</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name to use for the key when it is uploaded to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.</dd>
<dd>The name cannot include any path elements.</dd>
<dd>You can use a period (.) to specify that the name of the key when
it is uploaded to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> is
the same name as the key on the remote server.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul><note>The private key that is associated with the certificate
must be an RSA private key.</note></info></substep>
<substep><cmd>Apply the server certificate and key by entering the
following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> apply Certificate
"CertFileName=<varname>certName</varname>" "CertFilePassword=<varname>certPassword</varname>"
"KeyFileName=<varname>keyName</varname>" "KeyFilePassword=<varname>keyPassword</varname>"</codeph></p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>certName</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the server certificate that you imported.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>certPassword</dt>
<dd>Specifies the server certificate password, if any.</dd>
<dd>If you do not have a password for the server certificate, enter <codeph>"CertFilePassword="</codeph></dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>keyName</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the private key that you imported.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>keyPassword</dt>
<dd>Specifies the password of the private key, if any.</dd>
<dd>If you do not have a password for the private key, enter <codeph>"KeyFilePassword="</codeph></dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></info></substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step><cmd>Create a certificate profile, by entering the following
command:</cmd><info><note>The command must be capitalized as shown,
and must use the double quotation marks as shown.</note><p><codeph><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> create
CertificateProfile "Name=<varname>profileName</varname>" "Certificate=<varname>certificateName</varname>"
"Key=<varname>keyName</varname>"</codeph></p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>profileName</dt>
<dd>Specifies a name for this certificate profile.</dd>
<dd>The name must not have leading or trailing spaces and cannot contain
control characters, commas, double quotation marks, backslashes, or
equal signs. The first character must not be a number or any of the
following special characters: <p><codeph>! # $ % &amp; ' ( ) * + -
. / : ; &lt; > ? @</codeph></p></dd>
<dd>After the profile is created, this name cannot be changed.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>certificateName</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the server certificate that is imported
in step <xref format="dita" href="ad00713_.dita#ad00713_/1" scope="local"
type="step"></xref>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>keyName</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the private key that is imported in step <xref
format="dita" href="ad00713_.dita#ad00713_/1" scope="local" type="step"></xref>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></info></step>
</steps>
<example><p>The following example shows importing a certificate <codeph>certificate.pem</codeph> and
key <codeph>certificateKey.pem</codeph> with password <codeph>password</codeph>,
and applying them:<screen><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> file get scp://admin@192.0.2.0:/certificates/certificate.pem .
admin@192.0.2.0's password:
certificate.pem																								 100%    311   0.3KB/s  00:00
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> file get scp://admin@192.0.2.0:/certificateKey/certificateKey.pem .
admin@192.0.2.0's password:
certificateKey.pem																						 100%    311   0.3KB/s  00:00
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> apply Certificate "CertFileName=certificate.pem" "CertFilePassword=" 
"KeyFileName=certificateKey.pem" "KeyFilePassword=password"
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph>
</screen><?Pub Caret 104?></p><p>The following example shows the creation
of a certificate profile named <codeph>certProfile</codeph>. The certificate
profile sets <codeph>certificate.pem</codeph> as the server certificate,
and sets <codeph>key.pem</codeph> as the private key:<screen><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> create CertificateProfile "Name=certProfile" "Certificate=certificate.pem" "Key=key.pem"
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></screen></p></example>
<postreq>After you create the certificate profile, you must create
or edit a security profile to use the certificate profile. For more
information about configuring a security profile, see <xref
href="ad00740_.dita"></xref>.</postreq>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000008716?>
