<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="ad00777" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Message order limitations with the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> resource adapter</title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. Use Edit > Un Comment to have the tags made live.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>Message order can be disrupted when global transactions
are used with the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource
adapter.</shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<conbody>
<p>Messages reach the <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Java"
>Java</tm> EE application in the order they were originally sent when the steps outlined in <xref
format="dita" href="considerationsformsgorder.dita" scope="local" type="task">Configuring the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/>  resource adapter to preserve message order for inbound communication</xref> are followed. Messages that require redelivery might arrive out of sequence relative to the order in which they were originally sent. That is, newer messages might be delivered before rolled back messages are redelivered.</p>
<p>For example, if a failure occurs in the middle of a two-phase commit
of an MDB's transaction, the transaction manager of the application
server reestablishes the connection to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> to resolve the
transaction after the component is available again. This recovery
process is asynchronous, and it is possible for delivery of new messages
to the MDB to begin before the transaction recovery process is complete.
If the outcome of the transaction recovery is to roll back the transaction,
then the message is returned to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> and redelivered
to the application, possibly after new messages are delivered. </p>
<p>In general, when a global transaction is rolled back in a <tm
tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> EE application, messages might
be redelivered out of sequence relative to the original send order.
This scenario is true whether the application triggers the rollback
action or whether rollback occurs as part of transaction recovery
after a failure.</p>
<p>The following scenarios can result in transaction recovery that
might disrupt message order:<ul>
<li>Application server failure where the <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> EE
application is running.</li>
<li><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server failure.</li>
<li>A network connection failure between the application server and the <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server.</li>
</ul></p>
</conbody>
<?tm 1413224009 5?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000003339?>
