<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00222_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring DNS addresses by using the command line</title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can view which domain name server
(DNS) addresses are configured by using the <cmdname>get-dns-servers</cmdname> command
on the command line. System administrators can set which DNS addresses
are used by using the <cmdname>set-dns-servers</cmdname> command on
the command line.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context>You cannot configure DNS addresses in a virtual server environment.
In other environments, you can configure DNS addresses by using the
command line, or by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>. For more
information about using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> to configure
DNS addresses, see <xref href="ad00221_.dita"></xref>.<note>If you
use the <cmdname>set-dns-servers</cmdname> command in a high availability
environment, you must run the command on both the primary node and
the standby node to apply the changes. The <cmdname>set-dns-servers</cmdname> command
is not applicable in a virtual environment. </note></context><?Pub
Caret 54?>
<steps-unordered>
<step><cmd>To view which DNS addresses are configured, enter the following
command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>get-dns-servers</codeph></p></info>
</step>
<step><cmd>To reset the list of DNS addresses, enter the following
command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>set-dns-servers</codeph></p></info>
</step>
<step><cmd>To set the list of DNS addresses, enter the following command:</cmd>
<info><p><codeph>set-dns-servers <varname>server</varname></codeph></p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>server</dt>
<dd>Specifies the IP address of one or more DNS servers. Each IP address
must be separated by a space.</dd>
<dd>If you want to retain existing DNS address settings, you must
enter both the existing and the new DNS server IP addresses. Each
command invocation replaces the previously configured servers.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></info></step>
</steps-unordered>
<example><p>The following example shows a <cmdname>get-dns-servers</cmdname> command:<screen><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> get-dns-servers
Domain (DNS) servers:
        192.0.2.1
        192.0.2.2
        192.0.2.3

<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></screen></p><p>The
following example shows a <cmdname>set-dns-servers</cmdname> command
to add <codeph>192.0.2.4</codeph> to the list of DNS addresses:<screen><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> set-dns-servers 192.0.2.1 192.0.2.2 192.0.2.3 192.0.2.4
Ok
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> get-dns-servers
Domain (DNS) servers:
        192.0.2.1
        192.0.2.2
        192.0.2.3
        192.0.2.4

<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></screen></p></example>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00220_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00200_.dita"></link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003248?>
