<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="ad00730_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring Lightweight Third Party Authentication</title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>You can configure Lightweight Third Party Authentication
(LTPA) by using LTPA profiles. An LTPA profile specifies the key that
is used for authentication across servers within the same domain name
system. The LTPA profile must be associated with a security profile,
and the security profile must be associated with an endpoint.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>Before you can configure an LTPA profile, you must have an LTPA
key. You can export an LTPA key from servers such as <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph>. For more information
about LTPA, see <xref href="../Security/se00013_.dita"></xref>.</p>
<p><note><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> can
periodically generate key sets. This option must be disabled, or must
be monitored for key generation events. If the key is regenerated,
a new LTPA key file must be exported from <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph>. Then, the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> LTPA profile
must be updated with the new key file.</note></p>
<p>When you create an LTPA profile, you must specify the following
components:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Name</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name that identifies the LTPA profile.</dd>
<dd>The name must not have leading or trailing spaces and cannot contain
control characters, commas, double quotation marks, backslashes, or
equal signs. The first character must not be a number or any of the
following special characters: <p><codeph>! # $ % &amp; ' ( ) * + -
. / : ; &lt; > ? @</codeph></p></dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Key Filename</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the file that contains the LTPA key.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Password</dt>
<dd>Specifies the password that is associated with the LTPA key.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></p>
<p>For more information about configuring LTPA profiles by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>, see <xref
href="ad00731_.dita"></xref>.</p>
<p>For more information about configuring LTPA profiles by using <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>, see <xref href="ad00733_.dita"/>.</p>
</conbody>
<?tm 1380111370 0?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000002538?>
