<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00254_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring network time protocol servers by using the command
line</title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can view the current network time
protocol (NTP) server settings by using the <cmdname>get-ntp-servers</cmdname> command
on the command line. System administrators can set the NTP server
settings by using the <cmdname>set-ntp-servers</cmdname> command on
the command line.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context>You can configure the NTP server settings by using the command
line, or by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>. For more
information about using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> to configure
the NTP server settings, see <xref href="ad00251_.dita"></xref>.<p>You
can set the server date and time manually. For more information, see <xref
href="ad00253_.dita"></xref>.</p><note>If you use the <cmdname>set-ntp-servers</cmdname> command
in a high availability environment, you must run the command on both
the primary node and the standby node to apply the changes.</note><note><p>The
NTP server settings are configured per-appliance and are not replicated
between HA pairs.</p></note></context><?Pub Caret -1?>
<steps-unordered>
<step><cmd>To view the current NTP server settings, enter the following
command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>get-ntp-servers</codeph></p></info>
</step>
<step><cmd>To clear the NTP server settings, enter the following command:</cmd>
<info><p><codeph>set-ntp-servers</codeph></p></info></step>
<step><cmd>To set the NTP server settings, enter the following command:</cmd>
<info><p><codeph>set-ntp-servers <varname>serverList</varname></codeph></p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>serverList</dt>
<dd>Specifies one or more NTP server addresses. Each address must
be separated by a space. The addresses can be specified as IP addresses,
or as host names.</dd>
<dd>If you want to retain NTP server settings, you must enter both
the existing and the new server names. Each command invocation replaces
the previously configured servers.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></info></step>
</steps-unordered>
<example>The following example shows a <cmdname>get-ntp-servers</cmdname> command:<screen><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> get-ntp-servers
NTP servers:   192.0.2.0
               example.com

<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></screen>The
following example shows a <cmdname>set-ntp-servers</cmdname> command
to add 192.0.2.4 to the list of NTP servers:<screen><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> set-ntp-servers 192.0.2.0 example.com 192.0.2.4
Ok
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> get-ntp-servers
NTP servers:   192.0.2.0
               example.com
               192.0.2.4

<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></screen></example>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00250_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00200_.dita"></link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003276?>
