<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="ad00999_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Enabling high availability on cluster members by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/></title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>You can add high availability (HA) to members of your cluster by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>. </shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<taskbody>
<context>
<p>System administrators can add HA to members of a cluster by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>, or by using  <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>. For more information about using <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/> to add HA to cluster members, see <xref
href="ad00997_.dita"/>.</p>
<p>In this scenario, an <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> server that is a member of a cluster but has HA disabled is paired with another <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> server to act as its backup. System administrators can configure a pair of servers for high availability by using the  <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
/>. In this scenario, Server A is already member of a cluster, and becomes the primary node. Server B becomes the standby node in the HA pair. Server A can be a server that has data on it. Server B must be a newly installed <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> server or you must complete Step 1 to remove any pre-existing data. </p>
</context>
<steps>
<step importance="optional">
<cmd>If Server B is a newly installed server, you do not need to perform this step. If Server B is not a newly installed server and has been used for messaging services, you must delete any JMS queues that exist on the server and then clean the store. </cmd>
<info>
<p>For more information about deleting message queues, see <xref href="ad00351_.dita"/>.</p>
<p>For more information about cleaning the store, see <xref href="ad00281_.dita"/>.</p>
</info>
</step>
<step importance="optional">
            <cmd> <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> supports user provided TLS credentials for
            High Availability Pairing. Providing the credentials prior to creating the HA pair is recommended to avoid
            migrating the cluster. See <xref href="hatls.dita"/>.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Configure HA on Server A.</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep>
<cmd>Ensure that you are managing Server A. In the <uicontrol>Server</uicontrol> menu, select <uicontrol>High Availability</uicontrol></cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> in the <uicontrol>Configuration</uicontrol> panel.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Select <uicontrol>High Availability Enabled</uicontrol></cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Complete the <uicontrol>High Availability Group</uicontrol> field.</cmd>
<info>The value must be the same on Server A and Server B. </info>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Under <uicontrol>Replication and Discovery Addresses</uicontrol>:</cmd>
<info>
<ol>
<li>Type the IP address of the replication interface of the local node in Local Replication Address. For example, 192.0.2.0</li>
<li>Type the IP address of the discovery interface of the local node in Local Discovery Address. For example, 192.0.3.0</li>
<li>Type the IP address of the discovery interface on the other node (Server B) in the HA pair in Remote Discovery Address. For example, 192.0.2.2</li>
</ol>
</info>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Expand the <uicontrol>Advanced Settings</uicontrol> section by clicking the twistie. </cmd>
<info>
<ol>
<li>Ensure that <uicontrol>Auto-detect</uicontrol> is selected as the <uicontrol>Startup Mode</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>Select the <uicontrol>When both nodes start in auto-detect mode, this node is the preferred primary node</uicontrol> check box.</li>
<li>In the <uicontrol>Discovery Timeout</uicontrol> field, type the amount of time in seconds that within which an server that is started in auto-detect mode has to connect to the other server in the HA pair.</li>
<li>In the <uicontrol>Heartbeat Timeout</uicontrol> field, type the amount of time within which an server has to determine if the other server in the HA pair has failed.</li>
</ol>
</info>
</substep>
<substep id="save">
<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Restart Later</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Configure high availability on Server B. </cmd>
<info>It is best practice to use a newly installed <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> server to act as the standby server in the HA pair. </info>
<substeps>
<substep>
<cmd>Ensure that you are managing Server B. In the <uicontrol>Server</uicontrol> menu, select <uicontrol>High Availability</uicontrol></cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> in the <uicontrol>Configuration</uicontrol> panel.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Select <uicontrol>High Availability Enabled</uicontrol></cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Complete the <uicontrol>High Availability Group</uicontrol> field.</cmd>
<info>This value must match the value on Server A.</info>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Under <uicontrol>Replication and Discovery Addresses</uicontrol>:</cmd>
<info>
<ol>
<li>Type the IP address of the replication interface of the local node in Local Replication Address. For example, 192.0.2.2</li>
<li>Type the IP address of the discovery interface of the local node in Local Discovery Address. For example, 192.0.3.2</li>
<li>Type the IP address of the discovery interface on the other node (Server A) in the high availability pair in Remote Discovery Address. For example, 192.0.2.0</li>
</ol>
</info>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Expand the <uicontrol>Advanced Settings</uicontrol> section by clicking the twistie. </cmd>
<info>
<ol>
<li>Ensure that <uicontrol>Auto-detect</uicontrol> is selected as the <uicontrol>Startup Mode</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>Ensure that the <uicontrol>When both nodes start in auto-detect mode, this node is the preferred primary node</uicontrol> check box is not selected.</li>
<li>In the <uicontrol>Discovery Timeout</uicontrol> field, type the amount of time in seconds that within which an server that is started in auto-detect mode has to connect to the other server in the HA pair.</li>
<li>In the <uicontrol>Heartbeat Timeout</uicontrol> field, type the amount of time within which an server has to determine if the other server in the HA pair has failed.</li>
</ol>
</info>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol></cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Restart Later</uicontrol></cmd>
</substep>
<?Pub Caret -1?>
</substeps>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Configure and enable cluster membership on Server B.</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep>
<cmd>Ensure that you are managing Server B. In the <uicontrol>Cluster</uicontrol> menu, select <uicontrol>Join/Leave</uicontrol></cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> in the <uicontrol>Configuration</uicontrol> panel.</cmd>
<info>
<ol>
<li>Type the cluster name in the <uicontrol>Cluster Name</uicontrol> field. This value must match the name of the cluster of which Server A is a member.</li>
</ol>
</info>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Ensure that the <uicontrol>Address</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Port</uicontrol> in the<uicontrol> Control Interface</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Messaging Interface</uicontrol> sections are correct. If they are not correct, click <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> and specify correct values.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Ensure that you also include any other cluster membership configuration parameters that you need so that Server B and Server A can identify and connect to the other members of the cluster, for example, if Server A is using external addresses or ports. </cmd>
<info>For more information about configuring cluster membership on a server, see <xref
href="ad00941_.dita"/>.</info>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Restart server and join cluster</uicontrol> in the <uicontrol>Status</uicontrol> pane.</cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
<info> </info>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Restart Server A.</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep>
<cmd>Ensure that you are managing Server A. In the <uicontrol>Server</uicontrol> menu, select <uicontrol>Server Control</uicontrol></cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Restart the server</uicontrol>, then click <uicontrol>Restart</uicontrol></cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>After your servers have restarted, verify the status of your servers.</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep>
<cmd>On Server A, check the <uicontrol>Status</uicontrol> drop-down list and verify that the status displays the values <uicontrol>High Availability: Primary node</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Cluster: Active</uicontrol></cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>In the <uicontrol>Cluster</uicontrol> menu, click <uicontrol>Status</uicontrol></cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>In the <uicontrol>Cluster Status Data</uicontrol> pane, ensure that the other members of the cluster are visible in the table. </cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>On Server B, check the <uicontrol>Status</uicontrol> drop-down list and verify that the status displays the values <uicontrol>High Availability: Standby node</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Cluster: Standby</uicontrol></cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Force a failover operation in order to verify that Server B is correctly configured to work with the cluster.</cmd>
<info>You can force a failover operation by restarting Server A.</info>
<substeps>
<substep>
<cmd>On Server A, click <uicontrol>Server Control</uicontrol> in the <uicontrol>Server</uicontrol> menu.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Restart the server</uicontrol>, then click <uicontrol>Restart</uicontrol></cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Verify the status of your servers after the failover.</cmd>
<info>Verify that Server B is now the primary node and Server A is now the standby node.</info>
<substeps>
<substep>
<cmd>On Server B, check the <uicontrol>Status</uicontrol> drop-down list and verify that the status displays the values <uicontrol>High Availability: Primary node</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Cluster: Active</uicontrol></cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>In the <uicontrol>Cluster</uicontrol> menu, click <uicontrol>Status</uicontrol></cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>In the <uicontrol>Cluster Status Data</uicontrol> pane, ensure that the other members of the cluster are visible in the table. </cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>On Server A, check the <uicontrol>Status</uicontrol> drop-down list and verify that the status displays the values <uicontrol>High Availability: Standby node</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Cluster: Standby</uicontrol></cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
