<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="ad00104_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> security</title>
<shortdesc>You must authorize <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> to connect to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> queue managers
before a connection can be made. You can secure connections between <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> and <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> with SSL.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>When <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> connects
to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph>, <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> must have the
appropriate authorities to do so. Granting this authority requires
creating a user ID on the system the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> queue managers
are running on. This user ID is the authority under which <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> runs on the queue
manager system. The user ID must be authorized to access the following <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> components:<ul>
<li>The queue managers that are used by <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph></li>
<li>The topics and queues that are used by <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph></li>
</ul>As this user ID has unrestricted access to these components,
for extra security you might consider having a different user ID for
each queue manager connection. A different user ID for each queue
manager connection ensures that all the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> components can
be accessed only by the appropriate queue manager connection.</p>
<p>For step by step instructions on how to grant this authority, see <xref
href="ad00091_.dita"></xref>.</p>
<p>You can secure the connection between <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> and <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> by using SSL.
Securing the connection requires the creation of two key repositories
in <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph>. One key
repository is used by the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> queue manager
that <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> connects
to. The other key repository is uploaded to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> and is used by
the queue manager connection. The necessary client and server certificates
are stored in the repository and are used when <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> connects to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph>.</p>
<p>This method of securing the connection is the same method as for
securing a connection between a <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> server and client. <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> is the server,
and <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> is the
client.</p>
<p>For step by step instructions on setting up an SSL connection between <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> and <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph>, see <xref
href="ad00091_.dita"></xref>.</p>
<section><title><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> security
planning</title><p>Before you implement an <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> solution
you must address a number of security considerations:<ul>
<li>You must consider whether you want to secure your connection with
server certificates. The server certificates are used by <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> to authenticate <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.</li>
<li>You must consider whether you want to use client certificates.
The client certificates are used to authenticate <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph>.</li><?Pub Caret -2?>
<li>You must consider whether you want to use self-signed server certificates
or CA server certificates. Self-signed certificates are useful to
get started quickly in a test environment. CA certificates are more
secure for a production environment. The type of certificate that
you choose determines how you set up your connection between <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> and <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.</li>
</ul></p><p>For step by step instructions on setting up an SSL connection
between <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> and <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph>, see <xref
href="ad00091_.dita"></xref>.</p></section>
</conbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00102_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00101_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00103_.dita"></link>
</related-links>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000005230?>
