<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002--><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?><?Pub Inc?><task id="ad00921_" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Viewing the status of an <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance" />
    server and services by using <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs" /></title>
  <shortdesc>System administrators can display the status of the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance" /> server and services by using <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs" />. </shortdesc>
  <taskbody>
    <context>
      <p>You can use the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance" /> REST API GET method to display details about the status of the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance" /> server, including information about High Availability (HA), cluster membership, the protocol plug-in server process, the MQ Connectivity process, and SNMP. If <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance" /> is running in a Docker container, the information that is returned also includes the Docker container UUID.</p>
      <p>You can choose to display status information separately of the following services by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> REST API GET method and specifying the name of the service:<ul>
        <li>Server</li>
        <li>Cluster </li>
        <li>High availability</li>
        <li>MQ Connectivity process</li>
        <li>Protocol plug-in server process</li>
        <li>SNMP</li>
        </ul></p>
    </context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>To display the status of an <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance" /> server, use the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance" /> REST API GET method with the following URI: </cmd>
        <info>
          <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port&gt;/ima/v1/service/status/&lt;ServiceName&gt;</codeph></p>
          <p>where: <dl>
            <dlentry>
              <dt><varname>ServiceName</varname></dt>
              <dd>Optional.</dd>
              <dd>Specifies the service name.</dd>
              <dd>You can specify only one service name.</dd>
              <dd>If no service name is specified, status information for the server and all services is returned.</dd>
              <dd>Valid service names are: <ul>
                <li><b>Server</b><p>Returns status information about the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance" /> server.</p></li>
                <li><b>Cluster</b><p>Returns cluster status information.</p></li>
                <li><b>HighAvailability</b><p>Returns HA status information.</p></li>
                <li><b>MQConnectivity</b><p>Returns <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge" /> process status information.</p></li>
                <li><b>Plugin</b><p>Returns protocol plug-in server process status information.</p></li>
                <li><b>SNMP</b><p>Returns SNMP status information.</p></li>
                </ul> </dd>
            </dlentry>
            </dl></p>
        </info>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <result>The following information is returned. <note>Some status fields are returned only when the service is enabled and active. </note><p>Server status information:<dl>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Name</dt>
        <dd>The user-specified name of the server. </dd>
        <dd>If no name has been specified, the default is returned: the value of ServerUID if the server is a cluster member, or <varname>hostname:&lt;AdminEndpointPort&gt;</varname> if the server is not a cluster member.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>UID</dt>
        <dd>System-generated unique server identifier.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Status</dt>
        <dd>Whether the server is running or stopped, or the stage that the server has reached during initialization. Possible values, and their meanings, are:<dl>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>Running</dt>
            <dd>The server is running.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>Stopped</dt>
            <dd>The server is stopped.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>Initializing.</dt>
            <dd>The server is initializing.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>StoreStarting</dt>
            <dd>The store is starting.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>EngineStarting</dt>
            <dd>The messaging engine is starting.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          </dl></dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>State</dt>
        <dd>Numeric value that represents the state of the server. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>StateDescription</dt>
        <dd>Description of the state of the server. Each description corresponds to a value in the State status field. Possible values, and their meanings, are: <dl>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>Initializing</dt>
            <dd>The server is initializing.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>Running (Production)</dt>
            <dd>The server is running in production mode. </dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>Stopping</dt>
            <dd>The server is stopping.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>Initialized</dt>
            <dd>The server initialization process is complete.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>TransportStarted</dt>
            <dd>The transport layer in the server has started.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>StoreStarted</dt>
            <dd>The store has started</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>EngineStarted</dt>
            <dd>The messaging engine has started.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>MessagingStarted</dt>
            <dd>The server is ready for message processing.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>Running (Maintenance)</dt>
            <dd>The server is running in maintenance mode.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>Standby</dt>
            <dd>The server is the standby server in an HA pair.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>StoreStarting</dt>
            <dd>The store is starting.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>EngineStarting</dt>
            <dd>The messaging engine is starting.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          </dl></dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>ServerTime</dt>
        <dd><tm trademark="Current" tmtype="reg" tmclass="IGNORE">Current</tm> local time at the server.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>UpTimeSeconds</dt>
        <dd>Number of seconds that the server has been running since the last restart.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>UpTimeDescription</dt>
        <dd>The amount of time, expressed as days, hours, minutes, and seconds that the server has been running since the last restart.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Version</dt>
        <dd>The build identifier and version of the server.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>ErrorCode </dt>
        <dd>The error code if the server is in an error state.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>ErrorMessage</dt>
        <dd>The error message that is associated with the error code if the server is in an error state.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Container</dt>
        <dd>The Docker container UUID. </dd>
        <dd>This field is returned only if the server is running in a Docker container.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      </dl></p><p>Cluster status information:<dl>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Status</dt>
        <dd>The status of the server in the cluster. Possible values, and their meanings, are:<dl>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>Active</dt>
            <dd>The server is a configured member of a cluster.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>Inactive</dt>
            <dd>The server is not a cluster member, or it is not enabled for cluster membership.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>Standby</dt>
            <dd>The server is the standby server in a clustered HA pair.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          </dl></dd>
      </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>Enabled</dt>
            <dd>Whether the server is enabled for cluster membership. For more information about
              configuring cluster membership, see <xref href="ad00940_.dita" />. Possible values, and
              their meanings, are:<dl>
                <dlentry>
                  <dt>true</dt>
                  <dd>The server is enabled for cluster membership.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                  <dt>false</dt>
                  <dd>The server is not enabled for cluster membership.</dd>
                </dlentry>
              </dl><p>If  <parmname>Status</parmname> is <userinput>Active</userinput>, then the
                following fields are returned by the REST API GET method:</p></dd>
          </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Name</dt>
        <dd>The name of the cluster of which the server is a member.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>ConnectedServers</dt>
        <dd>The number of known cluster members that are currently active, and to which this server is able to connect.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>DisconnectedServers</dt>
        <dd>The number of known cluster members that this server is unable to connect to.</dd>
        <dd>The server might be unable to connect to a known cluster member because the known cluster member is not running or is in maintenance mode, or there might be network connectivity problems. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      </dl></p><p>HA status information:<dl>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Status</dt>
        <dd>Whether HA is running or not. Possible values, and their meanings, are:<dl>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>Active</dt>
            <dd>HA is enabled and is running.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>Inactive</dt>
            <dd>HA is not running. If HA is enabled, the HA service attempts to restart if the server is restarted.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          </dl></dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Enabled</dt>
        <dd>Whether HA is enabled or not.  For more information about configuring your system for
              high availability, see <xref href="ad00400_.dita" />. Possible values, and their
              meanings, are:<dl>
                <dlentry>
                  <dt>true</dt>
                  <dd>HA is enabled.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                  <dt>false</dt>
                  <dd>HA is not enabled. The HA service does not attempt to restart if the server is
                    restarted.</dd>
                </dlentry>
              </dl><p>If  <parmname>Status</parmname> is <userinput>Active</userinput>, then the
                following fields are returned by the REST API GET method:</p></dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Group</dt>
        <dd>The name of the HA group to which the server belongs.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>NewRole</dt>
        <dd>The current role of the server in the HA pair. Possible values, and their meanings, are:<dl>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>PRIMARY</dt>
            <dd>The server is running as a primary node.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>STANDBY</dt>
            <dd>The server is running as the standby node.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>HADISABLED</dt>
            <dd>The server is disabled in the HA pair and is not restarted.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>UNSYNC</dt>
            <dd>The server is out of sync with the primary node. An attempt will be made to synchronize the server with the primary node.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>UNSYNC_ERROR</dt>
            <dd>The server has become unsynchronized due to an unrecoverable error.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>UNKNOWN</dt>
            <dd>If HA is enabled and the server is restarted, the initial role of the server is UNKNOWN until the role of the server is set during the synchronization process.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          </dl></dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>OldRole</dt>
        <dd>The previous role of the server in the HA pair. Possible values, and their meanings, are:<dl>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>PRIMARY</dt>
            <dd>The server is running as a primary node.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>STANDBY</dt>
            <dd>The server is running as the standby node.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>HADISABLED</dt>
            <dd>The server is disabled in the HA pair and is not restarted.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>UNSYNC</dt>
            <dd>The server is out of sync with the primary node. An attempt will be made to synchronize the server with the primary node.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>UNSYNC_ERROR</dt>
            <dd>The server has become unsynchronized due to an unrecoverable error.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>UNKNOWN</dt>
            <dd>If HA is enabled and the server is restarted, the initial role of the server is UNKNOWN until the role of the server is set during the synchronization process.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          </dl></dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>ActiveNodes</dt>
        <dd>The number of active nodes in the HA pair.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>SyncNodes</dt>
        <dd>The number of synchronized nodes in the HA pair.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>PrimaryLastTime</dt>
        <dd>The time when the server became the primary server in the HA pair. </dd>
        <dd>This field is returned only on the primary server.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>PctSyncCompletion</dt>
        <dd>The progress, expressed as a percentage, that has been reached in the synchronization procedure on the primary node. </dd>
        <dd>A value of -1 is presented if synchronization is not in process or if the server is not the primary server.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>ReasonCode </dt>
        <dd>The reason code if the server is in an error state.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry otherprops="postga">
        <dt>RemoteServerName</dt>
        <dd>The name of the other server in the HA pair.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      </dl></p><p><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge" /> process status information:<dl>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Status</dt>
        <dd>The status of the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge" /> process. Possible values, and their meanings, are:<dl>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>Active</dt>
            <dd>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge" /> process is running.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>Inactive</dt>
            <dd>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge" /> process is not running.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          </dl></dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Enabled</dt>
        <dd>Whether the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge" />process is enabled. You can enable and disable the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge" /> process by setting the MQConnectivityEnabled configuration object. For more information, see <xref href="ad00131_.dita" />. Possible values, and their meanings, are:<dl>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>true</dt>
            <dd>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge" /> process is enabled.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>false</dt>
            <dd>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge" /> process is not enabled.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          </dl></dd>
      </dlentry>
      </dl></p><p>Protocol plug-in server status information:<dl>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Status</dt>
        <dd>The status of the protocol plug-in server process. Possible values, and their meanings, are:<dl>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>Active</dt>
            <dd>The protocol plug-in server process is running.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>Inactive</dt>
            <dd>The protocol plug-in server process is not running.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          </dl></dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Enabled</dt>
        <dd>Whether the protocol plug-in server process is enabled. For more information about
              configuring a protocol plug-in, see <xref href="dv00001.dita" />. Possible values, and
              their meanings, are:<dl>
                <dlentry>
                  <dt>true</dt>
                  <dd>The protocol plug-in server process is enabled.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                  <dt>false</dt>
                  <dd>The protocol plug-in server process is not enabled.</dd>
                </dlentry>
              </dl></dd>
      </dlentry>
      </dl></p><p>SNMP status information:<dl>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Status</dt>
        <dd>The status of the SNMP service. Possible values, and their meanings, are:<dl>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>Active</dt>
            <dd>SNMP is running.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>Inactive</dt>
            <dd>SNMP is not running.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          </dl></dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Enabled</dt>
        <dd>Whether SNMP is enabled. You can enable and disable SNMP by setting the SNMPEnabled configuration object. For more information, see <xref href="ad00510_.dita" />. Possible values, and their meanings, are:<dl>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>true</dt>
            <dd>SNMP is enabled.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>false</dt>
            <dd>SNMP is not enabled.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          </dl></dd>
      </dlentry>
      </dl></p></result>
    <example>
      <p>The following example shows a GET method to display the status of the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance" /> server by using cURL: </p>
      <codeblock>curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/service/status
</codeblock>
      <p>The following example shows an example response to the GET method that was used to display the status of the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance" /> server:</p>
      <codeblock>
{
  "Version":"v1",
  "Server": {
    "Name": "TestSystem:9089",
    "UID": "aFWxYf32",
    "Status": "Running",
    "State": 1,
    "StateDescription": "Running (production)",
    "ServerTime": "2016-03-04T14:46:53.081Z",
    "UpTimeSeconds": 4134,
    "UpTimeDescription": "0 days 1 hours 8 minutes 54 seconds",
    "Version": "2.0 20160304-0400",
    "ErrorCode": 0,
    "ErrorMessage": ""
  },
  "Container": {
    "UUID":"034c91ce828a4f5c2c21d7cd7f04628368b63bd308825ec2d9dab5096ff04ca0"
  },
  "HighAvailability": {
    "Status": "Inactive",
    "Enabled": false
  },  
  "Cluster": {
    "Status": "Inactive",
    "Enabled": false
  },  
  "Plugin": {
    "Status": "Inactive",
    "Enabled": false
  },  
  "MQConnectivity": {
    "Status": "Active",
    "Enabled": true
  },  
  "SNMP": {
    "Status": "Inactive",
    "Enabled": false
  }
}

</codeblock>
      <p>The following example shows a GET method to display the status of only the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance" /> protocol plug-in server process by using cURL: </p>
      <codeblock>curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/service/status/Plugin
</codeblock>
      <p>The following example shows an example response to the GET method that was used to display the status of the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance" /> protocol plug-in server process:</p>
      <codeblock>
{ 
  "Version":"v1", 
  "Plugin": { 
    "Status": "Inactive",
    "Enabled": false
  }
}
</codeblock>
    </example>
  </taskbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="ad00280_.dita" />
    <link href="ad00200_.dita" />
  </related-links>
</task><?Pub *0000006153?><?tm 1462277000969 1 Current ?>
