<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00107_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"/> key repository by
    using REST Administration APIs</title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can configure the key repository by using REST Administration
    APIs.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>You can use these steps to upload the key repository files. You can overwrite an existing key
        repository with new key repository files by setting <parmname>Overwrite</parmname> to
          <userinput>true</userinput></p><p>You can configure the key repository by using REST Administration APIs, or by using the <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
        />. For more information about using the <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
        /> to configure the key repository, see <xref href="ad00106_.dita"/>.</p></context>
<steps>
<step id="ImportTheKeyDatabaseFileToTheByEnte">
        <cmd>Import the MQSSLKey and MQStashPassword files to <ph
            conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> by entering the following
          command:</cmd>
        <info>
          <p><codeph>curl -X PUT -T &lt;FilePath and FileName>
              http://&lt;server:port>/ima/v1/file/&lt;FileName></codeph></p>
        </info>
      </step>
<step id="ImportThePasswordStashFileToTheByEn"><cmd>Import the password
stash file to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> by
entering the following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>file get <varname>passwordStashURL</varname> <varname>passwordStashName</varname></codeph></p><p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>passwordStashURL</dt>
<dd>Specifies the location of the password stash file in the following
format: <codeph>scp://<varname>username</varname>@<varname>hostname</varname>:/<varname>filepath</varname></codeph></dd>
<dd>For example, <codeph>scp://admin@example.com:/kdb/mqconnectivity.sth</codeph></dd>
<dd>You cannot specify the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> IP address as
the SCP host name.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>passwordStashName</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name to use for the password stash file on the appliance.</dd>
<dd>The name cannot include any path elements.</dd>
<dd>You can use a period (.) to specify that the name of the file
on the appliance is the same name as the file on the remote server.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></p></info></step>
<step><cmd>Apply the key repository files by entering the following
command:</cmd><info><p><codeph><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> apply Certificate
"MQSSLKey=<varname>keyDatabaseFile</varname>" "MQStashPassword=<varname>passwordStashFile</varname>"
"Overwrite=True|False"</codeph></p><p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>keyDatabaseFile</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the key database file that was imported
in step <xref format="dita"
href="ad00107_.dita#ad00107_/ImportTheKeyDatabaseFileToTheByEnte"
scope="local" type="step"></xref>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>passwordStashFile</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the password stash file that was imported
in step <xref format="dita"
href="ad00107_.dita#ad00107_/ImportThePasswordStashFileToTheByEn"
scope="local" type="step"></xref>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Overwrite=True|False</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies whether any existing key repository is overwritten.</dd>
<dd>The default value is false.</dd>
</dlentry></dl><?Pub Caret 65?></li>
</ul></p></info></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00104_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00091_.dita"></link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000004791?>
