<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="ad00111" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title>Deleting a ClientSet by using a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPI"
        /></title>
    <!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
    <!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
    <!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
    <shortdesc>System administrators can delete a ClientSet by using the <ph
            conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API DELETE method. </shortdesc>
    <!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
    <!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>A client set is a group of client IDs. You can delete a client set by using the <ph
                    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API DELETE method. You
                might want to delete clients from a server so that you can remove servers from a
                cluster in order to reduce cost when you have spare capacity. You can enter a
                regular expression to describe the set of client IDs and another regular expression
                that describes the set of retained messages to delete. All ClientIDs and <xref
                    href="../Overview/ov00033.dita">retained messages</xref> that match the
                specified regular expressions are deleted.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>To delete a client set, use the <ph
                        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API DELETE method with
                    the following <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> service
                    URI:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/service/ClientSet?ClientID=&lt;ClientID>&amp;Retain=&lt;RetainName></codeph></p>
                    <p>Where:</p>
                    <p>
                        <dl>
                            <dlentry>
                                <dt><varname>ClientID</varname></dt>
                                <dd>Required.</dd>
                                <dd>Specifies a regular expression for ClientID matching.</dd>
                                <dd>The type is REGEX.</dd>
                                <dd>The maximum length is 1024.</dd>
                            </dlentry>
                            <dlentry>
                                <dt>RetainName</dt>
                                <dd>Required.</dd>
                                <dd>Specifies a regular expression for topics to delete retained
                                    messages from.</dd>
                                <dd>The type is REGEX.</dd>
                            </dlentry>
                        </dl>
                    </p>
                    <note>
                        <p>If you want to delete all client sets, you can specify a value of
                                <userinput>^</userinput> for ClientID and RetainName. In REGEX,
                                <userinput>^</userinput> specifies the start of a string.</p>
                        <p>The delete is only performed on the server that is specified in the URI
                            of the REST API DELETE method. If a client is explicitly connected to
                            multiple servers, the delete command must be sent to each server, even
                            if all the servers are in the same cluster. In an HA environment, the
                            delete command only needs to be sent to the primary of an HA pair. </p>
                    </note>
                </info>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <example>
            <p>The following example demonstrates deleting all client sets by using cURL. </p>
            <codeblock>curl -X DELETE http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/service/ClientSet?ClientID=^&amp;Retain=^</codeblock>
            <p>The following example shows an example response to the DELETE method:</p>
            <codeblock>
{ 
    "Version":"v1",
    "Code":"CWLNA6197",
    "Message":"The request is complete. Clients found: 2, Clients deleted: 2, Deletion errors: 0" 
}
</codeblock>
        </example>
    </taskbody>
</task>
