<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00403_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Add a new standby node after the primary node failed by using
the GUI</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. Use Edit > Un Comment to have the tags made live.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>In this scenario, the primary node of an HA pair has failed
and the standby node has taken over. You must now set up a new standby
node for the new primary node. System administrators can use the <uicontrol>High
Availability</uicontrol> page in the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>.</shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<taskbody>
<prereq>The two <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> servers must be
   physically connected. For more information about connecting servers, see <xref format="dita"
    href="ad00400_.dita" scope="local" type="concept">Configuring the system for High
    Availability</xref>. The administrative state (AdminState) of the two servers must also be
   enabled. Go to the <uicontrol>Network Settings</uicontrol> page to set the administrative state
   of the servers.</prereq><?Pub Caret -1?>
<context><p>You can configure servers for high availability by using the <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>, or by using the command line. For more
    information about using the command line to configure servers for high availability, see <xref
     href="ad00404_.dita"/>. In this scenario, the content of the store and configuration of Server
    B is preserved and that Server B does not require restarting.</p></context>
<steps>
<step>
    <cmd>If Server C is a newly installed server, you do not need perform this step. If Server C is
     not a newly installed server and has been used for messaging services, you must clean the store
     and delete any configuration objects that exist. </cmd>
    <substeps>
     <substep>
      <cmd>Click <uicontrol>System Control</uicontrol> in the <uicontrol>Server</uicontrol>
       menu.</cmd>
     </substep>
     <substep>
      <cmd>Select <uicontrol>maintenance</uicontrol> from the <uicontrol>Runmode</uicontrol>
       list.</cmd>
     </substep>
     <substep>
      <cmd>Stop the server by clicking <uicontrol>Stop the server</uicontrol>.</cmd>
     </substep>
     <substep>
      <cmd>Start the server by clicking <uicontrol>Start the server</uicontrol>.</cmd>
     </substep>
     <substep>
      <cmd>Select the <uicontrol>clean store</uicontrol> check box.</cmd>
     </substep>
     <substep>
      <cmd>Stop the server by clicking <uicontrol>Stop the server</uicontrol>.</cmd>
     </substep>
     <substep>
      <cmd>Start the server by clicking <uicontrol>Start the server</uicontrol>.</cmd>
     </substep>
     <substep>
      <cmd>Select <uicontrol>production</uicontrol> from the <uicontrol>Runmode</uicontrol>
       list.</cmd>
     </substep>
    </substeps>
   </step>
<step>
    <cmd>Configure high availability on Server C: </cmd>
    <substeps>
     <substep>
      <cmd>From the <uicontrol>Server</uicontrol> menu, select <uicontrol>High
        Availability</uicontrol>. </cmd>
     </substep>
     <substep>
      <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> in the <uicontrol>Configuration</uicontrol> panel. The
        <wintitle>Edit High Availability Configuration</wintitle> page is displayed.</cmd>
     </substep>
     <substep>
      <cmd>Select the <uicontrol>High Availability Enabled</uicontrol> check box.</cmd>
     </substep>
     <substep>
      <cmd>Complete the <uicontrol>High Availability Group</uicontrol> field.</cmd>
      <info>The high availability group is used to automatically configure servers to pair with each
       other. The value must match the value on Server B. When this value is set, you do not need to
       provide replication or discovery addresses.</info>
     </substep>
     <substep id="save">
      <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>.</cmd>
     </substep>
     <substep>
      <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Restart Now</uicontrol>.</cmd>
     </substep>
    </substeps>
   </step>
</steps>
<postreq>When the HA pair is up and running, you can view the status of each server from the
    <uicontrol>Status</uicontrol> menu on the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
   />. You can view further information on the status of the server by using the <uicontrol>System
    Control</uicontrol> page. You can view further information about the high availability role of
   the server, including the replication or discovery addresses, by using the <uicontrol>High
    Availability</uicontrol> page.</postreq>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="../Troubleshooting/tr00013_.dita" scope="local"
type="task"></link>
<link format="dita" href="../Troubleshooting/tr00007_.dita" scope="local"
type="task"></link>
<link format="dita" href="ad00280_.dita" scope="local" type="concept">
</link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000005033?>
