<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="ad00110_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring destination mapping rules</title>
<shortdesc>To send messages between <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> and <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph>, you must create
destination mapping rules. Destination mapping rules are created by
associating an <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> topic
or queue with a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> topic
or queue. You can create a maximum of 64 destination mapping rules.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>Destination mapping rules specify a source topic string or queue
name, and define the target topic string or queue. Any message that
is published to the source topic, or sent to the source queue, is
republished to the target topic, or sent to the target queue. For
rules that use topic subtrees, all messages that are published to
the topic subtree are either routed to a single queue, are republished
to a single topic, or are republished to a reprefixed topic.</p>
<p>You can create, update, view, or delete destination mapping rules by using either the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> or <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"
/>. <note>You must disable a destination mapping rule before you can make any changes to that rule. After editing, you must enable the destination mapping rule in order for the changes that you made to take effect. To edit a queue manager connection, all destination mapping rules that use that queue manager connection must be disabled. You do not need to restart the mqconnectivity process in order for any changes to take effect.</note></p>
<p>Transitive rules are not supported. That is, you must not create a set of destination mapping
            rules that route messages from <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> to
                <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> and then back to <ph
                conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/>. You must not create a set of
            destination mapping rules that route messages from <ph
                conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> to <ph
                conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> and then back to <ph
                conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>. Messages that are sent by using
            transitive rules loop between the rules infinitely. Therefore, any messages that are
            sent by using these rules never reach their destination.</p>
<p>When you create a destination mapping rule, you must specify the
following components:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Name</dt>
<dd>Specifies a label that identifies the destination mapping rule.</dd>
<dd>The name must not have leading or trailing spaces and cannot contain
control characters, commas, double quotation marks, backslashes, or
equal signs. The first character must not be a number or any of the
following special characters: <p><codeph>! # $ % &amp; ' ( ) * + -
. / : ; &lt; > ? @</codeph></p></dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Queue manager connection</dt>
<dd>Specifies one or more queue manager connections to apply the destination
mapping rule to.</dd>
<dd><p>You have a choice when you create mapping rules:<ul>
<li>You can preserve the order of messages by using a single queue
manager connection. This option limits the number of messages that
can be processed at any time.</li>
<li>You can maximize throughput by using multiple queue manager connections.
This option does not preserve the order of messages, as two consecutive
messages can be sent to two different queue managers.</li>
</ul></p></dd>
                            <dd>To edit a queue manager connection, all destination mapping rules
                                that use that queue manager connection must be disabled. You do not
                                need to restart the mqconnectivity process for any changes that you
                                make to take effect.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
                <li>
                    <dl>
                        <dlentry>
                            <dt>Enabled</dt>
                            <dd>Specifies whether the destination mapping rule is enabled (true) or
                                disabled (false).</dd>
                            <dd>The default value is true.</dd>
                            <dd>To edit a destination mapping rule, the rule must first be disabled.
                                Once all changes are complete, the rule must be enabled for any
                                changes to take effect. </dd>
                        </dlentry>
                    </dl>
                </li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Rule type</dt>
<dd>Specifies the type of source and destination to be used in the rule.<p>The rule type can be any
value that is detailed in the following table:</p><p>
<table id="datasimpletable_kcd_lrh_qfb">
<title>The first column details the valid rule types, the second column details the
rule source, and the third column details the rule destination.</title>
<tgroup cols="3">
<thead>
<row>
<entry>Rule type</entry>
<entry>From:</entry>
<entry>To:</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>1</entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic</entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> queue</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>2</entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic</entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>3</entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> queue</entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>4</entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic</entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>5</entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic subtree</entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> queue </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>6</entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic subtree</entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>7</entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic subtree</entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic subtree</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>8</entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic subtree</entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>9</entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic subtree</entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic subtree</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>10</entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> queue </entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> queue</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>11</entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> queue </entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>12</entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> queue </entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> queue</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>13</entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic </entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> queue</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>14</entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic subtree </entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> queue</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</p><note> With rule type 9, a mapping that results in an <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic string with more than 32 levels cannot be
mapped correctly because <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> has a maximum topic
level of 32. In cases where the level limit is exceeded, the messages are handled as follows: <ul>
<li>For non-persistent messages, the message is discarded. </li>
<li>For persistent messages, the message is retained in a loop between <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> and <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>. In this instance, no further messages can be sent
on the affected rule until the looped message is removed from the queue manager.</li>
</ul>
</note></dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Source</dt>
<dd>Specifies the topic string, or queue name, that the destination
mapping rule maps from.</dd>
<dd>With rule types 5, 6, 7, 8, and 9, the mapping is from a topic subtree. For these rules, the
source topic string defines the root of the source tree. Any topic string that begins with that
string is then mapped to the destination topic string. The topic subtree is equivalent to using a
wildcard. For example, specifying the topic subtree of <codeph>MQRoot/L1</codeph> is equivalent to
specifying <codeph>MQRoot/L1/+</codeph> or <codeph>MQRoot/L1/#</codeph>. For further examples, see
the table.</dd>
<dd>The source that is specified must follow the naming rules for
the source type.</dd>
<dd>For <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> queues,
the value can contain characters in the ranges a-z, A-Z, and 0-9,
and any of the following characters:<codeph>% . /  _</codeph></dd>
<dd>For <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>,
the value must not have leading or trailing spaces and cannot contain
control characters, commas, double quotation marks, backslashes or
equal signs. The first character must not be a number, quotation mark,
or any of the following special characters: <codeph>! # $ % &amp;
( ) * + , - . / : ; &lt; = > ? @"</codeph></dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Destination</dt>
<dd>Specifies the topic string, or queue name, that the destination
mapping rule maps to.</dd>
<dd>With rule types 7 and 9, where the mapping is to a topic subtree, the destination topic string
defines the root of the destination tree. Messages sent to the subtree of the source topic string
are reprefixed with the topic string specified in the destination topic string. The topic subtree is
equivalent to using a wildcard. For example, specifying the topic subtree of
<codeph>MQRoot/L1</codeph> is equivalent to specifying <codeph>MQRoot/L1/+</codeph> or
<codeph>MQRoot/L1/#</codeph>. For examples, see the table.</dd>
<dd>The destination that is specified must follow the naming rules
for the destination type.</dd>
<dd>For <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> queues,
the value can contain characters in the ranges a-z, A-Z, and 0-9,
and any of the following characters:<codeph>% . /  _</codeph></dd>
<dd>For <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>,
the value must not have leading or trailing spaces and cannot contain
control characters, commas, double quotation marks, backslashes or
equal signs. The first character must not be a number, quotation mark,
or any of the following special characters: <codeph>! # $ % &amp;
( ) * + , - . / : ; &lt; = > ? @"</codeph></dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Maximum Messages</dt>
<dd>Specifies the maximum number of messages that can be buffered
for a destination mapping rule. If the maximum number of messages
is reached, messages cannot be published to the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> topic in the
destination mapping rule until the backlog of messages is reduced.</dd>
<dd>This option is valid only for destination mapping rules from <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> topics to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> topics and queues.
That is, rule types 1, 2, 5, 6, and 7.</dd>
<dd>The value must be in the range 1-20000000. The default value is
5000. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li otherprops="FP1"><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Retained Messages</dt>
<dd>Specifies which messages are forwarded to a topic as retained
messages. By default, after a message is published to a topic and
is received by the subscribers, the message is discarded. Setting
this parameter ensures that a copy of the message is retained, so
that it is sent to future subscribers of the topic.</dd>
<dd>This parameter overrides the retained message setting of the original
message publisher.</dd>
<dd>This option is only valid for destination mapping rules that forward
messages to a topic or a topic subtree.</dd>
</dlentry></dl><?Pub Caret 291?></li>
</ul></p>
<p>For more information about configuring destination mapping rules
by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>,
see <xref href="ad00114_.dita"></xref>.</p>
<p>For more information about configuring destination mapping rules by using REST Administration
            APIs, see <xref href="ad00115_.dita"/>.</p>
<p>The following table shows example mappings of source topic strings
and queues to target topic strings and queues: </p>
<table id="datasimpletable_s3m_rsh_qfb">
<title>A source topic or queue can be mapped to a target topic or queue. Example
mappings are shown in this table. The first column contains examples of source topics. The second
column contains examples of target topics. The third column explains how such mappings function when
messages are published.</title>
<tgroup cols="4">
<thead>
<row>
<entry>Rule type</entry>
<entry>Source</entry>
<entry>Destination</entry>
<entry>Explanation</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>1</entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
topic:<codeblock>IMARoot/Level1</codeblock></entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/>
queue:<codeblock>MQ.QUEUE1</codeblock></entry>
<entry>A message that is published to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
topic <codeph>IMARoot/Level1</codeph> is MQPUT to the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> queue <codeph>MQ.QUEUE1</codeph></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>2</entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
topic:<codeblock>IMARoot/L1/Subject1</codeblock></entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/>
topic:<codeblock>MQRoot/L1/Target</codeblock></entry>
<entry>A message that is published to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
topic <codeph>IMARoot/L1/Subject1</codeph> is republished to the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic <codeph>MQRoot/L1/Target</codeph>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>3</entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/>
queue:<codeblock>MQ.QUEUE1</codeblock></entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
topic:<codeblock>IMARoot/L1</codeblock></entry>
<entry>A message that is sent to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> queue
<codeph>MQ.QUEUE1</codeph> is published to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
topic <codeph>IMARoot/L1</codeph></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>4</entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/>
topic:<codeblock>MQRoot/L1/Subject</codeblock></entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
topic:<codeblock>IMARoot/L1/Target</codeblock></entry>
<entry>A message that is published to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/>
topic <codeph>MQRoot/L1/Subject</codeph> is republished to the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic <codeph>IMARoot/L1/Target</codeph>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>5</entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic subtree:
<codeblock>IMARoot/L1</codeblock></entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> queue:
<codeblock>MQ.QUEUE1</codeblock></entry>
<entry>A message that is published to any <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
topic that starts with <codeph>IMARoot/L1</codeph> is MQPUT to the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> queue <codeph>MQ.QUEUE1</codeph>
<?linebreak?>For example, a message that is published to the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic <codeph>IMARoot/L1/Subject</codeph> is MQPUT
to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> queue
<codeph>MQ.QUEUE1</codeph></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>6</entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic subtree:
<codeblock>IMARoot/L1</codeblock></entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic:
<codeblock>MQRoot/L1/Target</codeblock></entry>
<entry>Using a topic subtree is equivalent to using a wildcard. That is, the subtree of
<codeph>IMARoot/L1</codeph>, is the same as <codeph>IMARoot/L1/+</codeph> or
<codeph>IMARoot/L1/#</codeph>. Therefore, any message that is published to any <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic that starts with <codeph>IMARoot/L1</codeph>
is republished to a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic
<codeph>MQRoot/L1/Target</codeph><?linebreak?>For example, messages that are published to the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topics <codeph>IMARoot/L1/Subject1</codeph>,
and<codeph>IMARoot/L1/Subject2</codeph> are sent to the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic<codeph>MQRoot/L1/Target</codeph></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>7</entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic subtree:
<codeblock>IMARoot/L1</codeblock></entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic subtree:
<codeblock>MQRoot/L1/L2</codeblock></entry>
<entry>Using a topic subtree is equivalent to using a wildcard. That is, the subtree of
<codeph>IMARoot/L1</codeph>, is the same as <codeph>IMARoot/L1/+</codeph> or
<codeph>IMARoot/L1/#</codeph>. Therefore, any message that is published to any <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic that starts with <codeph>IMARoot/L1</codeph>
is republished to a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic with the same basic
topic string, but a different prefix. The prefix is defined by the destination topic string
specified. <?linebreak?>For example, a message that is published to the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic <codeph>IMARoot/L1/Subject1</codeph> is
republished to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic
<codeph>MQRoot/L1/L2/Subject1</codeph><?linebreak?>For example, a message that is published to the
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic <codeph>IMARoot/L1/Subject2/A</codeph> is
republished to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic
<codeph>MQRoot/L1/L2/Subject2/A</codeph></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>8</entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic subtree:
<codeblock>MQRoot/L1</codeblock></entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic:
<codeblock>IMARoot/L1/Target</codeblock></entry>
<entry>Using a topic subtree is equivalent to using a wildcard. That is, the subtree of
<codeph>MQRoot/L1</codeph>, is the same as <codeph>MQRoot/L1/+</codeph> or
<codeph>MQRoot/L1/#</codeph>. Therefore, any message that is published to any <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic string that starts with
<codeph>MQRoot/L1</codeph> is republished to an<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
topic <codeph>IMARoot/L1/Target</codeph><?linebreak?>For example, messages that are published to the
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topics <codeph>MQRoot/L1/Subject1</codeph>,
and<codeph>MQRoot/L1/Subject2</codeph>are sent to the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic<codeph>IMARoot/L1/Target</codeph></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>9</entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic
subtree:<codeblock>MQRoot/L1</codeblock></entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic subtree:
<codeblock>IMARoot/L1</codeblock></entry>
<entry>Using a topic subtree is equivalent to using a wildcard. That is, the subtree of
<codeph>MQRoot/L1</codeph>, is the same as <codeph>MQRoot/L1/+</codeph> or
<codeph>MQRoot/L1/#</codeph>. Therefore, any message that is published to any <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic that starts with <codeph>MQRoot/L1</codeph>
is republished to an <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic with the same basic
topic string, but a different prefix. The prefix is defined by the destination topic string
specified. <?linebreak?>For example, a message that is published to the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic <codeph>MQRoot/L1/Subject1</codeph> is
republished to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic
<codeph>IMARoot/L1/Subject1</codeph><?linebreak?>A message that is published to the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic <codeph>MQRoot/L1/Subject2/A</codeph> is
republished to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic
<codeph>IMARoot/L1/Subject2/A</codeph></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>10</entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
queue:<codeblock>IMA.QUEUE1</codeblock></entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/>
queue:<codeblock>MQ.QUEUE1</codeblock></entry>
<entry>A message that is sent to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> queue
<codeph>IMA.QUEUE1</codeph> is MQPUT to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/>
queue <codeph>MQ.QUEUE1</codeph></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>11</entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
queue:<codeblock>IMA.QUEUE1</codeblock></entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/>
topic:<codeblock>MQRoot/L1/Target</codeblock></entry>
<entry>A message that is sent to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> queue
<codeph>IMA.QUEUE1</codeph> is published to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/>
topic <codeph>MQRoot/L1/Target</codeph></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>12</entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
queue:<codeblock>MQ.QUEUE1</codeblock></entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
queue:<codeblock>IMA.QUEUE1</codeblock></entry>
<entry>A message that is sent to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> queue
<codeph>MQ.QUEUE1</codeph> is forwarded to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
queue <codeph>IMA.QUEUE1</codeph></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>13</entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/>
topic:<codeblock>MQRoot/L1/Subject</codeblock></entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
queue:<codeblock>IMA.QUEUE1</codeblock></entry>
<entry>A message that is published to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/>
topic <codeph>MQRoot/L1/Subject</codeph> is sent to the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> queue <codeph>IMA.QUEUE1</codeph></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>14</entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic
subtree:<codeblock>MQRoot/L1</codeblock></entry>
<entry><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
queue:<codeblock>IMA.QUEUE1</codeblock></entry>
<entry>A message that is published to any <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/>
topic that starts with <codeph>MQRoot/L1</codeph> is sent to the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> queue <codeph>IMA.QUEUE1</codeph><?linebreak?>For
example, messages that are published to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/>
topics <codeph>MQRoot/L1/Subject1</codeph>, and<codeph>MQRoot/L1/Subject2</codeph>are sent to the
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> queue <codeph>IMA.QUEUE1</codeph></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</conbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00113_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00101_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00091_.dita"></link>
</related-links>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000026690?>
