<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00099_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Viewing the status of destination mapping rules by using <ph
  conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/></title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>System administrators can view the status of a destination mapping rule, along with other statistics, by using a <ph
  conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPI"/>.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>You can use the REST API GET method to view monitoring statistics about destination mapping rules in a monitoring domain. You can also use the REST API GET method to view configuration information about destination mapping rules in configuration domain.</p><p>The information that is returned in a monitoring domain is not the same as the information that is returned when in a configuration domain. The monitoring domain returns statistical information, including the status of one or more destination mapping rules. The configuration domain returns the configuration information for the rule. </p><p>For more information about the configuring URI command, see <xref
   href="ad00128_.dita" audience=""
   />.</p>You can view the status of a destination mapping rule by using a <ph
   conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPI"/>, or by using the <ph
   conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>. For more information about using the <ph
   conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
   /> to view the status of destination mapping rules, see <xref href="ad00114_.dita"/>.</context>
<steps>
<step>
    <cmd>To view the status of one or more destination mapping rules, use the <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API GET method with the following <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> monitoring URI:</cmd>
    <info>
     <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/monitoring/DestinationMappingRule</codeph></p>
    </info>
   </step>
   <step>
    <cmd>Provide query parameters requesting the statistics that you want returned in the JSON
     payload. The following example uses cURL to create queue-related statistics:</cmd>
    <info>
     <codeblock>curl -X GET http://10.10.2.149:9087/ima/v1/monitor/DestinationMappingRule?Name=<varname>Name</varname>%26RuleType=<varname>RuleType</varname>
%26Association=<varname>queueManagerConnection</varname>%26ResultCount=<varname>ResultCount</varname></codeblock>
     <p>where</p>
     <ul>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>Name</dt>
         <dd>Optional.</dd>
         <dd>Specifies the name of the destination mapping rule that you want to view the status
          of.</dd>
         <dd>You can use an asterisk (*) as a wildcard to specify a group of destination mapping
          rules. For example, to view the status of all destination mapping rules that start with
           <codeph>MQ</codeph>, use <codeph>MQ*</codeph></dd>
         <dd>The default value is <parmname>*</parmname></dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>RuleType</dt>
         <dd>Optional.</dd>
         <dd>Specifies the type of rule to return the status of.</dd>
         <dd>You can specify one of the following values:<dl>
           <dlentry>
            <dt>IMATopicToMQQueue</dt>
            <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
              conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic to <ph
              conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> queue.</dd>
           </dlentry>
           <dlentry>
            <dt>IMATopicToMQTopic</dt>
            <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
              conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic to <ph
              conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic.</dd>
           </dlentry>
           <dlentry>
            <dt>MQQueueToIMATopic</dt>
            <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
              conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> queue to <ph
              conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic.</dd>
           </dlentry>
           <dlentry>
            <dt>MQTopicToIMATopic</dt>
            <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
              conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic to <ph
              conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic.</dd>
           </dlentry>
           <dlentry>
            <dt>IMATopicSubtreeToMQQueue</dt>
            <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
              conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic subtree to <ph
              conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> queue.</dd>
           </dlentry>
           <dlentry>
            <dt>IMATopicSubtreeToMQTopic</dt>
            <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
              conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic subtree to <ph
              conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic.</dd>
           </dlentry>
           <dlentry>
            <dt>IMATopicSubtreeToMQTopicSubtree</dt>
            <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
              conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic subtree to <ph
              conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic subtree.</dd>
           </dlentry>
           <dlentry>
            <dt>MQTopicSubtreeToIMATopic</dt>
            <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
              conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic subtree to <ph
              conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic.</dd>
           </dlentry>
           <dlentry>
            <dt>MQTopicSubtreeToIMATopicSubtree</dt>
            <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
              conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic subtree to <ph
              conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic subtree.</dd>
           </dlentry>
           <dlentry>
            <dt>IMAQueueToMQQueue</dt>
            <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
              conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> queue to <ph
              conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> queue.</dd>
           </dlentry>
           <dlentry>
            <dt>IMAQueueToMQTopic</dt>
            <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
              conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> queue to <ph
              conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic.</dd>
           </dlentry>
           <dlentry>
            <dt>MQQueueToIMAQueue</dt>
            <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
              conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> queue to <ph
              conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> queue.</dd>
           </dlentry>
           <dlentry>
            <dt>MQTopicToIMAQueue</dt>
            <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
              conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic to <ph
              conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> queue.</dd>
           </dlentry>
           <dlentry>
            <dt>MQTopicSubtreeToIMAQueue</dt>
            <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
              conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic subtree to <ph
              conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> queue.</dd>
           </dlentry>
           <dlentry>
            <dt>Any</dt>
            <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of all types.</dd>
           </dlentry>
          </dl></dd>
         <dd>The default value is <parmname>any</parmname>.</dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>queueManagerConnection</dt>
         <dd>Optional.</dd>
         <dd>Specifies the queue manager connection that the destination mapping rule must be
          associated with to have the rule status returned.</dd>
         <dd>You can use an asterisk (*) as a wildcard to specify a group of queue manager
          connections. For example, to view the status of all destination mapping rules that are
          associated with queue managers that start with <codeph>MQ</codeph>, use
           <codeph>MQ*</codeph></dd>
         <dd>The default value is <parmname>*</parmname></dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>ResultCount</dt>
         <dd>Optional.</dd>
         <dd>Specifies how many results to return.</dd>
         <dd>This value can be one of the following values: 10, 25, 50, 100.</dd>
         <dd>The default value is 25.</dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
     </ul>
    </info>
   </step>
</steps>
<result>The following fields are returned: <ul>
    <li>
     <dl>
      <dlentry>
       <dt>0</dt>
       <dd>Enabled.</dd>
       <dd>The rule is operating normally.</dd>
      </dlentry>
     </dl>
    </li>
    <li>
     <dl>
      <dlentry>
       <dt>1</dt>
       <dd>Disabled.</dd>
       <dd>The rule is not operating. The rule must be restarted by an administrator.</dd>
      </dlentry>
     </dl>
    </li>
    <li>
     <dl>
      <dlentry>
       <dt>2</dt>
       <dd>Reconnecting.</dd>
       <dd>The rule encountered a problem. <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> is
        attempting to restart the rule.</dd>
      </dlentry>
     </dl>
    </li>
    <li>
     <dl>
      <dlentry>
       <dt>3</dt>
       <dd>Starting.</dd>
       <dd>The rule is being activated.</dd>
      </dlentry>
     </dl>
    </li>
   </ul></result>
<example>
   <p>The following example uses cURL to show how a GET method is used to create the most recent
    statistics about a destination mapping rule called MyDestinationMappingRule:</p>
   <codeblock>curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/monitor/DestinationMappingRule?Name=MyDestinationMappingRule 
 
 </codeblock>
   <p>The following example shows a successful example response to the GET method that was used to
    create the most recent statistics about a destination mapping rule called
    MyDestinationMappingRule:</p>
   <codeblock>{ "Version":"v1", "DestinationMappingRule": [ { "Name":"MyDestinationMappingRule " }
 ] }

</codeblock>
   <p>The following example shows an unsuccessful example response to the GET method that was used
    to create the most recent statistics about a destination mapping rule called
    MyDestinationMappingRule:</p>
   <codeblock>{ "Version":"v1","Code":"CWLNA0113","Message":"The requested item is not found." }
</codeblock>
  </example>
</taskbody>
<?tm 1413224005 0?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000010337?>
