<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00408_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Bring back a standby node after it failed by using the command
line</title>
<shortdesc>In this scenario, the standby node of an HA pair failed.
After you have fixed the problems with the standby node, you must
bring it back up as a backup.  System administrators can use the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>HighAvailability</cmdname> commands
on the command line.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>You can configure appliances for high availability by
using the command line or by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>. For more
information about using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> to configure
appliances for high availability, see <xref href="ad00407_.dita"></xref>.
In this scenario, the content of the store and configuration of Appliance
A is preserved and Appliance A does not require restarting.</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Ensure that the high availability parameters on Appliance
B are correct by using the <cmdname>imaserver show HighAvailability</cmdname> command.
You can update settings by using the <cmdname>imaserver update HighAvailability</cmdname> command.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Stop and then restart the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server for Appliance
B by using the following commands:</cmd><info><codeblock>imaserver stop
imaserver start</codeblock></info></step><?Pub Caret -2?>
</steps>
<postreq><p>You can view high availability configuration details of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> appliance by using the <cmdname>imaserver show
HighAvailability</cmdname> command. You can view information about the high availability role of
the<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> appliance by using the <cmdname>imaserver
status</cmdname> command.</p></postreq>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="../Troubleshooting/tr00013_.dita" scope="local"
type="task"></link>
<link format="dita" href="../Troubleshooting/tr00007_.dita" scope="local"
type="task"></link>
<link format="dita" href="ad00280_.dita" scope="local" type="concept">
</link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002461?>
