<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00242_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring the server locale by using the command line</title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can view the current locale settings
by using the <cmdname>locale get</cmdname> command on the command
line. System administrators can set the server locale by using the <cmdname>locale
set</cmdname> command on the command line. System administrators can
view the server timezone settings by using the <cmdname>timezone get</cmdname> command
on the command line. System administrators can set the server timezone
by using the <cmdname>timezone set</cmdname> command on the command
line.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context>You can configure the server locale by using the command
line, or by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>. For more
information about using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> to configure
the server locale, see <xref format="dita" href="ad00251_.dita"
scope="local" type="task">Configuring the server locale, date and
time</xref>.<note><p>The server locale and timezone settings are configured
per-appliance and are not replicated between HA pairs.</p></note></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Configure the server locale:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>To view the current locale settings, enter the following command:<p><codeph>locale
get</codeph></p></choice>
<choice>To set the current locale, enter the following command:<p><codeph>locale
set <varname>language</varname> <varname>country</varname></codeph></p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>language</dt>
<dd>Specifies the language to set the locale to. The language that
you specify is effective for all command level interface and log messages,
if translation is available.</dd>
<dd>To view a list of available locales and translations, use the <cmdname>help
locale set</cmdname> command.</dd>
<dd>If a translation for a specified language is not available, US
English is used.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>country</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the country for the locale.</dd>
<dd>To view a list of available locales, use the <cmdname>help locale
set</cmdname> command.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step><cmd>Configure the server timezone:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>To view the current server timezone, enter the following command:<p><codeph>timezone
get</codeph></p></choice>
<choice>To set the current server timezone:<ol>
<li>View the list of available timezone values by entering the following
command:<p><codeph>show timezones</codeph></p></li>
<li>Set the timezone by entering the following command:<p><codeph>timezone
set <varname>zone</varname></codeph></p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>zone</dt>
<dd>Specifies one of the timezones that are listed in the <cmdname>show
timezones</cmdname> command.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></li>
</ol></choice>
</choices>
</step>
</steps>
<example>The following example shows setting and then viewing the
server locale:<screen><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> locale set en US
Locale is en_US. Charset is UTF-8.
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph>locale get
Locale is en_US. Charset is UTF-8.
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></screen>The
following example shows setting and then viewing the server timezone:<screen><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> timezone set GMT
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> timezone get
Timezone is GMT
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></screen></example>
</taskbody>
</task><?Pub Caret -3?>
<?Pub *0000003915?>
