<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00123_new" xml:lang="en-us">
 <title>Creating and updating a destination mapping rule by using <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/></title>
 <shortdesc>System administrators can create and update destination mapping rules by using the <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>.</shortdesc>
 <taskbody>
    <prereq>
      <p>Before you can create a destination mapping rule, you must create the queue manager
        connection that you want to use in the rule. For more information about creating a queue
        manager connection, see <xref href="ad00113_.dita"/>.</p>
    </prereq>
  <context>You can create and update a destination mapping rule by using a <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPI"/>, or by using the <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>. For more information about using the <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
      /> to create or update a destination mapping rule, see <xref href="ad00114_.dita"
      />.<note>You must disable a destination mapping rule before you can make any changes to that rule. After editing, you must enable the destination mapping rule in order for the changes that you made to take effect. To edit a queue manager connection, all destination mapping rules that use that queue manager connection must be disabled. You do not need to restart the mqconnectivity process in order for any changes to take effect.</note></context>
  <steps>
   <step>
        <cmd>To create or update a destination mapping rule, use the <ph
          conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
          /> REST API POST method with the following <ph
          conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> configuration URI:</cmd>
        <info>
          <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/</codeph></p>
        </info>
      </step>
   <step>
        <cmd>Provide DestinationMappingRule object configuration data in the payload of the POST method by using the following schema. <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to <userinput>application/json</userinput>.  Ensure that capitalization and double quotation marks are used as shown.</cmd>
        <info><codeblock>
{    
  "DestinationMappingRule": {
    "&lt;NameOfDestinationMappingRule>": {
      "QueueManagerConnection": "string",
      "Enabled": true|false,
      "RuleType": integer,
      "Source": "string",
      "Destination": "string",
      "MaxMessages": integer,

      "RetainedMessages": true|false           
     }
   }
}</codeblock>Where:<ul>
            <li>
              <dl>
                <dlentry>
                  <dt><varname>NameOfDestinationMappingRule</varname></dt>
                  <dd>Specifies the name of the destination mapping rule. After the destination
                    mapping rule is created, you cannot change this name.</dd>
                  <dd>The name must not have leading or trailing spaces and cannot contain control
                    characters, commas, double quotation marks, backslashes, or equal signs. The
                    first character must not be a number or any of the following special characters:
                        <p><codeph>! # $ % &amp; ' ( ) * + - . / : ; &lt; > ? @</codeph></p></dd>
                </dlentry>
              </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
              <dl>
                <dlentry>
                  <dt>QueueManagerConnection</dt>
                  <dd>Specifies the name of one or more queue manager connections. The queue manager
                    connections identify which queue managers the rule maps to. You can specify more
                    than one queue manager connection by using a comma-separated list.</dd>
                  <dd>To preserve the order of the messages, you must use only one queue manager
                    connection for each destination mapping rule. If you create multiple destination
                    mapping rules with the same destination, but which use different queue manager
                    connections, the message order is not preserved.</dd>
                </dlentry>
              </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
              <dl>
                <dlentry>
                  <dt>Enabled=true|false</dt>
                  <dd>Specifies whether the rule is enabled (true) or disabled (false).</dd>
                  <dd>The default value is true.</dd>
                  <dd>To edit a destination mapping rule, the rule must first be disabled. Once all
                    changes are complete, the rule must be enabled for any changes to take effect.
                  </dd>
                </dlentry>
              </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
              <dl>
                <dlentry>
                  <dt>RuleType</dt>
                  <dd>Specifies the rule type that you want to use. For more information about the
                    values that you can use, see <xref href="ad00110_.dita"/>.</dd>
                </dlentry>
              </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
              <dl>
                <dlentry>
                  <dt>Source</dt>
                  <dd>Specifies the source topic string or queue for the rule.</dd>
                  <dd>The source that is specified must follow the naming rules for the source
                    type.</dd>
                  <dd>For <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> queues, the value can
                    contain characters in the ranges a-z, A-Z, and 0-9, and any of the following
                      characters:<codeph>% . / _</codeph></dd>
                  <dd>For <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>, the value must not
                    have leading or trailing spaces and cannot contain control characters, commas,
                    double quotation marks, backslashes or equal signs. The first character must not
                    be a number, quotation mark, or any of the following special characters:
                        <p><codeph>! # $ % &amp; ( ) * + , - . / : ; &lt; = > ? @"</codeph></p></dd>
                </dlentry>
              </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
              <dl>
                <dlentry>
                  <dt>Destination</dt>
                  <dd>Specifies the destination topic string or queue for the rule.</dd>
                  <dd>The destination that is specified must follow the naming rules for the
                    destination type.</dd>
                  <dd>For <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> queues, the value can
                    contain characters in the ranges a-z, A-Z, and 0-9, and any of the following
                      characters:<codeph>% . / _</codeph></dd>
                  <dd>For <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>, the value must not
                    have leading or trailing spaces and cannot contain control characters, commas,
                    double quotation marks, backslashes or equal signs. The first character must not
                    be a number, quotation mark, or any of the following special characters:
                        <p><codeph>! # $ % &amp; ( ) * + , - . / : ; &lt; = > ? @"</codeph></p></dd>
                </dlentry>
              </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
              <dl>
                <dlentry>
                  <dt>MaxMessages</dt>
                  <dd>Optional.</dd>
                  <dd>Specifies the maximum number of messages that can be buffered for the
                    destination mapping rule. </dd>
                  <dd>This option is valid only for destination mapping rules from <ph
                      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topics to <ph
                      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/>. That is, rule types 1, 2, 5,
                    6, and 7.</dd>
                  <dd>The value must be in the range 1-20000000. The default value is 5000. </dd>
                </dlentry>
              </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
              <dl>
                <dlentry>
                  <dt>RetainedMessages</dt>
                  <dd>Optional.</dd>
                  <dd>Specifies which messages are forwarded as to a topic as retained
                    messages.</dd>
                  <dd>This parameter overrides the retained message setting of the original message
                    publisher.</dd>
                  <dd>This option is only valid for destination mapping rules that forward messages
                    to a topic or topic subtree.</dd>
                  <dd>This value can be one of the following values:<ul>
                      <li>
                        <dl>
                          <dlentry>
                            <dt>All</dt>
                            <dd>All messages are forwarded to the topic as retained messages.</dd>
                          </dlentry>
                        </dl>
                      </li>
                      <li>
                        <dl>
                          <dlentry>
                            <dt>None</dt>
                            <dd>No messages are forwarded to the topic as retained messages.</dd>
                          </dlentry>
                        </dl>
                      </li>
                    </ul>The default value is None.</dd>
                </dlentry>
              </dl>
            </li>
          </ul><?Pub Caret -1?></info>
      </step>
  </steps>
  <example>
   <p>This example demonstrates creating a destination mapping rule called
     <codeph>exampleRule</codeph>. It uses rule type 1: <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic to <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> queue.</p>
      <codeblock>
curl -X POST \
   -H 'Content-Type: application/json'  \
   -d  '{     
         "DestinationMappingRule": {
           "exampleRule": {
            "QueueManagerConnection": "MyQMC",
            "Enabled": true,
            "RuleType": 1,
            "Source": "ISMRoot/Level1",
            "Destination": "Queue1",
            "MaxMessages": 7000,
            "RetainedMessages": true           
          }
        } 
      }
 '  \
http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/configuration/</codeblock>
      <p>The following example shows an example response to the POST method:</p>
      <codeblock>
{        
  "Version": "v1",
  "Code": "CWLNA6011",
  "Message": "The requested configuration change has completed successfully."
}
</codeblock>
  </example>
 </taskbody>
 <related-links>
  <link href="ad00128_.dita"/>
  <link href="ad00091_.dita"/>
  <link href="ad00102_.dita"/>
 </related-links>
 <?tm 1354636336 0?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000008315?>
