<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00422_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Editing the transfer configuration by using the command line</title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can edit the automatic log transfer configuration by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"/>
<cmdname>update LogAutoTransfer</cmdname> command.</shortdesc>
<?Pub Caret 52?>
<taskbody>
<steps-unordered>
<step>
<cmd>To edit the automatic log transfer configuration, enter the following command:</cmd>
<info><note>The command must be capitalized as shown, and must use the double quotation marks as
shown.</note><p><codeph><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"/> update
LogAutoTransfer "Destination=<varname>destination</varname>" "Port=<varname>port</varname>"
"UserID=<varname>user</varname>" "Password=<varname>password</varname>"
"Enabled=True|False"</codeph></p>Where:<ul>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>destination</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the URL to use to connect to the remote system. </dd>
<dd>The protocol can be either FTP or SSH. </dd>
<dd>The URL must include the protocol to use to connect to the remote system. That is,
<filepath>ftp://</filepath> for FTP, or <filepath>scp://</filepath> for SSH. </dd>
<dd>The URL cannot include the user ID.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>port</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the port to use to connect to the remote system.</dd>
<dd>The default value for FTP is 21. The default value for SSH is 22.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>user</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the user ID to use to log on to the remote system.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>password</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the password to use to log on to the remote system.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>"Enabled=True|False"</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies whether automatic log transfers are enabled.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
</ul></info>
</step>
</steps-unordered>
<example>The following example shows an update to the automatic log transfer
configuration:<codeblock><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"/> <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"/> update LogAutoTransfer "Destination=ftp://192.0.2.1"
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"/></codeblock></example>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00420_.dita"/>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000000921?>
