<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00513_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Viewing SNMP status by using <ph
   conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/></title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can view the status of SNMP on <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> by using <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>.</shortdesc><?Pub
Caret 92?>
<taskbody>
<context><p>You can view SNMP status by using <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>, or by using the <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>. For more information about using the <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> to view SNMP status, see <xref
     href="ad00511_.dita"/>.</p></context>
<steps-unordered>
<step>
    <cmd>Choose an action to perform:</cmd>
    <choices>
     <choice>To check the status of the SNMP service, use the <ph
            conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
            /> REST API GET method with the following <ph
            conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
            /> service URI: <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/service/status/SNMP</codeph></p><note>The status of the SNMP service is also returned as part of the data that is returned from the <ph
            conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
            /> REST API GET method with the following URI:</note><p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/service/status</codeph></p></choice>
    </choices>
   </step>
</steps-unordered>
<result>
      <p>The following SNMP status information is returned:<dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Status</dt>
          <dd>The status of the SNMP service. Possible values, and their meanings, are:<dl>
            <dlentry>
              <dt>Active</dt>
              <dd>SNMP is running.</dd>
            </dlentry>
            <dlentry>
              <dt>Inactive</dt>
              <dd>SNMP is not running.</dd>
            </dlentry>
            </dl></dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Enabled</dt>
          <dd>Whether SNMP is enabled. You can enable and disable SNMP by setting the SNMPEnabled configuration object. For more information, see <xref
            href="ad00510_.dita"/>. Possible values, and their meanings, are:<dl>
            <dlentry>
              <dt>true</dt>
              <dd>SNMP is enabled.</dd>
            </dlentry>
            <dlentry>
              <dt>false</dt>
              <dd>SNMP is not enabled.</dd>
            </dlentry>
            </dl></dd>
        </dlentry>
        </dl></p>
      <p>If the status is <codeph>Inactive</codeph> but SNMP is enabled, there might be a problem that is preventing SNMP from running. After you have resolved the problem, you can enable SNMP. For more information about enabling SNMP, see <xref
        format="dita" href="ad00514_.dita" scope="local" type="task"/>.</p>
    </result>
<example>The following example shows the status of SNMP by using cURL:<codeblock>curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/service/status/SNMP</codeblock>An example response to the GET method:<codeblock>
{      
  "Version": "v1",
    "SNMP": {
        "Status": "Active",
        "Enabled": true
         }
}</codeblock></example>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00510_.dita"></link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000001650?>
