<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="ad00992_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"
/> servers as an HA pair by using <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/></title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>In this scenario, an <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"
/> server that has high availability (HA) disabled is now paired with another <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"
/> server to act as its backup. System administrators can configure a pair of servers for high availability by using <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>.</shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<taskbody>
<context>
<p>You can configure <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"
/> servers for high availability by using <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"
/> or by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
/>. For more information about using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
/> to configure servers for HA, see <xref href="ad00401_.dita"/>.</p>

<p>In this scenario, Server A is the primary node and Server B is the standby node in the HA pair. Server A can be a server that has data on it. Any data on Server B will be destroyed. </p>
<note otherprops="delete" type="important"><!--28438-->The following scenario describes changing one server from standby to primary if one of the server is stopped.<ul>
<li>An HA pair of <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"
/> servers are identified as HA1 and HA2. Both are configured <codeph>StartupMode: "AutoDetect"</codeph>. <sl>
<sli>HA1 is active and is the standby server</sli>
<sli>HA2 is active and is the primary server</sli>
</sl></li>
<li>HA2 is stopped. So, now HA1 is active and is the standby server.</li>
<li>Next, you stop HA1. Now both HA1 and HA2 are stopped.</li>
<li>If you restart HA1, you will get a message saying it can't determine the true HA status because HA2 is still down.</li>
<li>In order to bring HA1 up as the primary with HA2 still stopped, you need to update <codeph>StartupMode: "StandAlone"</codeph></li>
</ul><!--28455--><p>Do <i>not</i> start a node as <codeph>StartupMode: "StandAlone"</codeph> if another node is already running and is acting as a primary. Doing so could create a split-brain condition, where both nodes act as primary nodes. In this instance, both nodes will go into maintenance mode. </p></note>
</context>
<steps>
<step importance="optional">
            <cmd> <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> supports user provided TLS credentials for
            High Availability Pairing. Providing the credentials prior to creating the HA pair is recommended to avoid
            migrating the cluster. See <xref href="hatls.dita"/>.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>On Server A, configure the primary server for HA by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API POST method. </cmd>
<substeps>
<substep>
<cmd>Use the following <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> configuration URI:</cmd>
<info>
<p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/</codeph></p>
</info>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Provide HighAvailability object configuration data in the payload of the POST method by using the following schema. <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to <userinput>application/json</userinput>. Ensure that capitalization and double quotation marks are used as shown. </cmd>
<info><codeblock>
{    
   "HighAvailability": {
      "Group": "string",
      "EnableHA": true,
      "StartupMode": "AutoDetect",
      "RemoteDiscoveryNIC": "string",
      "LocalReplicationNIC": "string",
      "LocalDiscoveryNIC": "string",
      "DiscoveryTimeout": integer,
      "HeartbeatTimeout": integer,
      "PreferredPrimary": true          
    }
}</codeblock><?Pub Caret 283?>Where:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Group</dt>
<dd>The group name of the HA pair. The value must be the same on both servers in the pair. </dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>RemoteDiscoveryNIC</dt>
<dd>Specifies the IP address of the NIC that is used for HA discovery on the remote (standby) node in the HA pair.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>LocalDiscoveryNIC</dt>
<dd>Specifies the IP address of the NIC that is used for HA discovery on the local (primary) node in the HA pair.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>LocalReplicationNIC</dt>
<dd>Specifies the IP address of the NIC that is used for HA discovery on the local (primary) node in the HA pair.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>DiscoveryTimeout</dt>
<dd>Specifies the time in seconds that the node attempts to discover the HA pair node.</dd>
<dd>The value must be in the range 10-2147483647.</dd>
<dd>The default value is 600.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>HeartbeatTimeout</dt>
<dd>Specifies the time in seconds to detect that the other node in the HA pair has failed.</dd>
<dd>The value must be in the range 1-2147483647.</dd>
<dd>The default value is 10.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl></info>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step importance="optional">
        <cmd>If Server B is a newly installed server, you do not need to perform this step. If
          Server B is not a newly installed server and has been used for messaging services, you
          must delete any JMS queues that exist on the server and then clean the store. </cmd>
        <info>
          <p>For more information about deleting message queues, see <xref href="ad00356_.dita"
            />.</p>
          <p>For more information about cleaning the store, see <xref href="ad00282_.dita"/>.</p>
        </info>
      </step>
<step>
<cmd>On Server B, configure the standby server for HA by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API POST method. </cmd>
<substeps>
<substep>
<cmd>Use the following <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> configuration URI:</cmd>
<info>
<p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/</codeph></p>
</info>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Provide HighAvailability object configuration data in the payload of the POST method by using the following schema. <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to <userinput>application/json</userinput>. Ensure that capitalization and double quotation marks are used as shown. </cmd>
<info>
<codeblock>
{    
   "HighAvailability": {
      "Group": "string",
      "EnableHA": true,
      "StartupMode": "AutoDetect",
      "RemoteDiscoveryNIC": "string",
      "LocalReplicationNIC": "string",
      "LocalDiscoveryNIC": "string",
      "DiscoveryTimeout": integer,
      "HeartbeatTimeout": integer,
      "PreferredPrimary": false          
    }
}</codeblock>
</info>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Stop and then restart both <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> servers. Ensure that you restart server B in production mode.</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep>
<cmd>Use the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> REST API POST method with the following <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> configuration URI: </cmd>
<info><codeblock><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:port>/ima/v1/service/restart</codeph></codeblock>Provide configuration data in the payload of the POST method by using the following schema.  Ensure that capitalization and double quotation marks are used as shown.<codeblock>
{    
  "Service": "Server"      
}</codeblock></info>
</substep>
</substeps>
<info>
<note type="tip"
>As a best practice, restart the standby server first. Then restart the primary to limit the amount of time that the primary spends waiting for the standby to become available.</note>
</info>
</step>
</steps>
<postreq>
<p>You can view HA configuration details of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> server by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> REST API GET method with the following <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"
/> configuration URI:<codeblock>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/HighAvailability</codeblock></p>
<p>You can view information about the HA role of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> server by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> REST API GET method with the following <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"
/> configuration URI:<codeblock>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/service/status/HighAvailability</codeblock></p>
</postreq>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="../Troubleshooting/tr00013_.dita" scope="local" type="task"/>
<link format="dita" href="../Troubleshooting/tr00007_.dita" scope="local" type="task"/>
<link format="dita" href="ad00280_.dita" scope="local" type="concept"/>
<link format="dita" href="ad00921_.dita" scope="local" type="task"/>
</related-links>
</task>
