<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="ad00930" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title>Configuring your first <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> server to manage by
        using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" /></title>
    <!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
    <!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
    <!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
    <shortdesc>The first time that you log into the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" />, you are prompted
        to submit information about the first <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> server that you
        would like to manage.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
        <p>You can use the <wintitle>Get started with IBM Watson IoT Platform - Message Gateway Web
UI</wintitle> page to enter configuration details for connecting to the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server that you want to manage. If you are the
first user to start the Web UI application, this page appears after you accept the license by using
a REST Administration API. Otherwise, this page appears the first time a new Web UI administrator
logs in. For more information about accepting the license by using a REST Administration API, see
<xref href="ad00793_.dita"/>. </p>
            <p>If you want to manage more than one <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> server, you
            can configure the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" /> to manage                 additional <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> servers by using the <uicontrol>Server
                    ID</uicontrol> menu after you log into the Web UI. </p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Log on to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" /> page.
                    If this is the first time that the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" />
                    application has been used, complete the following steps:</cmd>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Log in by using the default user ID, <userinput>admin</userinput> and
                            default password, <userinput>admin</userinput>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
<cmd>On the <wintitle>Get started with IBM Watson IoT Platform - Message Gateway Web UI</wintitle>
page, specify the connection configuration details for the first server that you want to manage. If
your web browser application, the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server that
you want to manage, and the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> Web UI are running
on your local host, and the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> administration
endpoint is listening on port 9089, you can go to step 3.</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep>
<cmd>Enter the administration address. This value is the IP address or hostname that the
administration endpoint of the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is
listening on.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Enter the administration port. This value is the port that the administration endpoint of the
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is listening on.</cmd>
<info>The number must be in the range 1 to 65535 inclusive.</info>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Optional. Select <uicontrol>Send Web UI credentials</uicontrol>. If you select this option, the
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> sends the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> user ID and password to the administration
endpoint. </cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Optional. Test your connection by clicking <uicontrol>Test
                        Connection</uicontrol>. </cmd>
                <info><note>
                    <p>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> server that you want to manage must be running for the test connection to succeed. </p>
                    <p>If the administration endpoint for the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> server is using the default configuration, you might need to allow the administration endpoint certificate in order to successfully complete the test connection. To allow the administration endpoint certificate, choose one of the following options:<ul>
                        <li> If you are using Firefox or Chrome, expand the error box that appears on screen and click the <uicontrol>Click here</uicontrol> link. A new tab opens and prompts you to allow the certificate. After you allow the certificate, return to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" /> tab and click the <uicontrol>Test Connection</uicontrol> button again. The connection should succeed.</li>
                        <li>If you are using Internet Explorer, accept the prompts to allow the certificate. The connection should succeed.</li>
                        </ul></p>
                    </note>If the test connection fails, check that the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> server is running and that the server host can be reached from the host where the Web UI is running.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Save your server configuration by clicking <uicontrol>Save and
                        Manage</uicontrol>. You must complete this step to access the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" />
                    function.</cmd>
                <info>A message is displayed to confirm that the server is saved
                    successfully.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Close</uicontrol>. </cmd>
                <info>The address and port of the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> server
                    that you saved appears next to the <uicontrol>Server</uicontrol> menu in the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" />. </info>
                <stepresult>You can now start managing and monitoring this <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> server.
                </stepresult>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <postreq>
            <p>Use the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" /> to
                begin configuring and monitoring the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> server that
                you specified.</p>
        </postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task><?tm 1462277001140 1 IBM ?>
