<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="ad00102_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph></title>
<shortdesc><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> can
receive messages that are published to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> topics, or sent
to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> queues
and can forward the messages to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> queues or topics. <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> can also receive
messages that are published to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> topics, or sent
to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> queues,
and can forward the messages to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> topics or queues.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<section>
<title>Connecting <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/></title>
<p>To connect <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/>, you must set up <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/>, start the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"/> process on <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>, and create queue manager connections and
destination mapping rules:<ol>
<li>Define a server connection channel on <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/>. <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> uses this server connection channel to connect to
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> queue manager.<p>You can use an existing
server connection channel, but a new channel provides the following benefits:<ul>
<li>Active <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> channels can be easily identified on
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> queue manager.</li>
<li>The connection between <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> and <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> can be explicitly secured.</li>
<li>CHLAUTH record can be created to map the user ID of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> requests to an appropriate user ID on the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> system.</li>
</ul>For more information about configuring <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/>
server connection channels, see <xref href="ad00091_.dita"/>.</p></li>
<li>Start the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"/> process on <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>.<p>For more information about starting the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"/> process, see <xref href="ad00129_.dita"
/>.</p></li>
<li>Define a queue manager connection on the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
system.<p>A queue manager connection specifies the connection details for a <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> queue manager. Queue manager connections are then
used in destination mapping rules to specify the location of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic or queue.</p><p>You must define a connection
for each queue manager that <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> connects
to.</p><p>For more information about configuring queue manager connections, see <xref
href="ad00113_.dita"/>.</p></li>
<li>Define destination mapping rules on the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
system.<p>A destination mapping rule makes connections between queues, topics, and topic subtrees on
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> and <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/>. The rules can flow messages from <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/>, or from <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>.</p><p>You can apply multiple destination mapping
rules to a queue manager connection. Each rule starts an instance of the server connection channel
on the queue manager that is defined in the queue manager connection. You can apply destination
mapping rules to more than one queue manager to distribute messages between the queue
managers.</p><p>For more information about configuring destination mapping rules, see <xref
href="ad00110_.dita"/>.</p></li>
</ol></p>
<note>When <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> connects to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> queue managers, it automatically creates queues on
the queue manager. These queues have names that start with <codeph>SYSTEM.IMA</codeph>. Do not edit
or delete these queues.</note>
<p><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> can be used with all supported <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> platforms from <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> version 7.1 onwards. At <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> version 8.0, ensure that Fix Pack 1 is applied, and
that your environment is at version 8.0.0.1, or higher.</p>
</section><?Pub Caret -1?>
</conbody>
<related-links>
<link href="../Troubleshooting/tr00005_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00111_.dita"></link>
</related-links>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000005158?>
