<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00126_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Connecting <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> and <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph></title><?Pub
Caret 0?>
<shortdesc>You must complete a number of tasks to connect <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> and <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph>: From <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph>, you must create
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> queue
managers, server-connection channels, and listeners. You must create
any <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> queues
that the destination mapping rules use. Also, you must authorize <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> to connect
to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> queue
managers. From <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>,
you must create queue manager connections and destination mapping
rules. You must also create any <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> queues that the
destination mapping rules use. </shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<steps>
<stepsection><p>From <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph>:</p></stepsection>
<step id="CreateOneOrMoreQueueManagersToHandl"><cmd>Create one or
more queue managers to handle the messages, by using the <cmdname>crtmqm</cmdname> command:</cmd>
<info><p><codeph>crtmqm <varname>qmgrName</varname> </codeph></p>For
more information about the <cmdname>crtmqm</cmdname> command and the
options available, see <xref
href="http://pic.dhe.ibm.com/infocenter/wmqv7/v7r5/topic/com.ibm.mq.doc/fa15650_.htm"
scope="external">crtmqm</xref> in the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> information center.</info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Make a note of the queue manager names, and the IP address
or host name of the system the queue managers are running on.</cmd>
<info><p>These details are used when you create the queue manager
connections.</p></info></step>
<step><cmd>Create a server-connection channel for each queue manager,
by using the <cmdname>DEFINE CHANNEL</cmdname> MQSC command:</cmd><info><ul>
<li>To create a server-connection channel for an unsecured <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> connection:<p><codeph>runmqsc <varname>qmgrName</varname></codeph></p><p><codeph>DEFINE
CHANNEL(<varname>channelName</varname>) CHLTYPE(SVRCONN) TRPTYPE(TCP)</codeph></p></li>
<li>To create a server-connection channel for an SSL secured <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> connection:<p><codeph>runmqsc <varname>qmgrName</varname></codeph></p><p><codeph>DEFINE
CHANNEL(<varname>channelName</varname>) CHLTYPE(SVRCONN) TRPTYPE(TCP)
SSLCIPH(<varname>cipherSpec</varname>)</codeph></p></li>
</ul><p><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> uses
the server-connection channel to connect to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph>.</p>For more
information about the <cmdname>DEFINE CHANNEL</cmdname> command and
the options available, including the valid values of <varname>cipherSpec</varname>,
see <xref
href="http://pic.dhe.ibm.com/infocenter/wmqv7/v7r5/topic/com.ibm.mq.doc/sc11010_.htm"
scope="external">DEFINE CHANNEL</xref> in the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> information center.</info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Make a note of the server-connection channel names, and
which queue manager the channels are associated with. If applicable,
make a note of the <varname>cipherSpec</varname> value used.</cmd><info><p>The
name of the server-connection channel is used when you create a queue
manager connection. The name is also used when you authorize <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> to connect
to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph>.</p></info>
</step>
<step><cmd>For each queue manager, start a listener by using the <cmdname>DEFINE
LISTENER</cmdname> MQSC command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>runmqsc <varname>qmgrName</varname></codeph></p><p><codeph>DEFINE
LISTENER (<varname>listenerName</varname>) TRPTYPE(TCP) CONTROL(QMGR)
PORT(<varname>portNumber</varname>)</codeph></p><p><codeph>START LISTENER
(<varname>listenerName</varname>)</codeph></p><codeblock></codeblock><p>The
listener enables the server to detect incoming network requests from <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph>. Each queue
manager on the same system must listen on a different port number.</p><p>For
more information about the <cmdname>DEFINE LISTENER</cmdname> MQSC
command and the options available, see <xref
href="http://pic.dhe.ibm.com/infocenter/wmqv7/v7r5/topic/com.ibm.mq.doc/sc11050_.htm"
scope="external">DEFINE LISTENER</xref> in the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> information center.</p></info>
</step>
<step id="MakeANoteOfThePortNumberOfTheListen"><cmd>Make a note of
the port number of the listener, and which queue manager the listener
is associated with.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>If you are using SSL connection, you must configure <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> security
by creating key repositories and certificates:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>For a step by step guide to configuring <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> security
by using self-signed certificates, see <xref href="ad00108_.dita"></xref>.</choice>
<choice>For a step by step guide to configuring <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> security
by using CA certificates, see <xref href="ad00109_.dita"></xref>.</choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step><cmd>Authorize <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> to connect
to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> queue
managers.</cmd><info><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> client
authorization takes place on <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>. <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> then connects
securely to a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> queue
manager by using a single bridge user ID.</info>
<substeps>
<substep id="1"><cmd>Obtain a user ID on the system your queue manager
is running on. The user ID must not be a privileged administrative
user. This user ID is the authority under which <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> runs on
the queue manager.</cmd></substep>
<substep id="2"><cmd>Create a channel authentication record that allows
only the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server
IP address to use the server-connection channel that was created to
connect <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> and <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph>:</cmd><info><p><codeph>runmqsc <varname>qmgrName</varname></codeph></p><p><codeph>SET
CHLAUTH(<varname>ChannelName</varname>) TYPE(ADDRESSMAP) ADDRESS(<varname>IPAddress</varname>)
MCAUSER('<varname>userIDcreatedInStepa</varname>')</codeph></p>Where:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt><varname>ChannelName</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the server-connection channel name that was created
to connect <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> and <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>IPAddress</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the IP address of <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.<draft-comment>Need
to know which IP address this is. </draft-comment></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>userIDcreatedInStepa</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the user ID created in step <xref format="dita"
href="ad00126_.dita#ad00126_/1" scope="local" type="substep">a</xref> that
is the authority under which <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> runs on
the queue manager.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></info></substep>
<substep id="3"><cmd>Repeat step <xref format="dita"
href="ad00126_.dita#ad00126_/2" scope="local">b</xref> for each queue
manager that is used by <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph>.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep id="4"><cmd>Grant general <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> access to the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> user ID
created in step <xref format="dita" href="ad00126_.dita#ad00126_/1"
scope="local">a</xref>:</cmd><info><p><codeph>runmqsc <varname>qmgrName</varname></codeph></p><p><codeph>SET
AUTHREC OBJTYPE(QMGR) PRINCIPAL('<varname>userIDcreatedInStepa</varname>')
AUTHADD(CONNECT, INQ, DSP)</codeph></p><p><codeph>SET AUTHREC PROFILE('SYSTEM.DEFAULT.MODEL.QUEUE')
OBJTYPE(QUEUE) PRINCIPAL('<varname>userIDcreatedInStepa</varname>')
AUTHADD(DSP, GET)</codeph></p><p><codeph>SET AUTHREC PROFILE('SYSTEM.ADMIN.COMMAND.QUEUE')
OBJTYPE(QUEUE) PRINCIPAL('<varname>userIDcreatedInStepa</varname>')
AUTHADD(DSP, PUT)</codeph></p><p><codeph>SET AUTHREC PROFILE('SYSTEM.IMA.*')
OBJTYPE(QUEUE) PRINCIPAL('<varname>userIDcreatedInStepa</varname>')
AUTHADD(CRT, PUT, GET, BROWSE)</codeph></p><p><codeph>SET AUTHREC
PROFILE('SYSTEM.DEFAULT.LOCAL.QUEUE') OBJTYPE(QUEUE) PRINCIPAL('<varname>userIDcreatedInStepa</varname>')
AUTHADD(DSP)</codeph></p>Where:<dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>userIDcreatedInStepa</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the user ID created in step <xref format="dita"
href="ad00126_.dita#ad00126_/1" scope="local" type="substep">a</xref> that
is the authority under which <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> runs on
the queue manager.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></info></substep>
<substep id="5"><cmd>For each mapping rule that maps to or from a <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> topic, you must
create a topic object and grant specific authorities to it. For each
mapping rule that maps to or from a <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> queue, you must
create the queue and grant specific authorities to it.</cmd><info><ul>
<li>For queues, use the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> MQSC commands <cmdname>DEFINE
QLOCAL</cmdname> and <cmdname>SET AUTHREC</cmdname>:<p><codeph>runmqsc <varname>qmgrName</varname></codeph></p><p><codeph>DEFINE
QLOCAL(<varname>queueName</varname>)</codeph></p><p><codeph>SET AUTHREC
PROFILE(<varname>queueName</varname>) OBJTYPE(QUEUE) PRINCIPAL(<varname>userIDcreatedInStepa</varname>)
AUTHADD(<varname>authorization</varname>)</codeph></p>Where:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt><varname>queueName</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> queue.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>userIDcreatedInStepa</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the user ID created in step 1 that is the authority
under which <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> runs
on the queue manager.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>authorization</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the put and get authorities to give to the queue. This
value can be one of the following values:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>PUT</dt>
<dd>Grants put authority.</dd>
<dd>This authority is needed when the destination of a destination
mapping rule is a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> queue.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>GET</dt>
<dd>Grants get authority.</dd>
<dd>This authority is needed when the source of a destination mapping
rule is a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> queue.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li>For topics, use the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> MQSC commands <cmdname>DEFINE
TOPIC</cmdname> and <cmdname>SET AUTHREC</cmdname>: <p><codeph>runmqsc <varname>qmgrName</varname></codeph></p><p><codeph>DEFINE
TOPIC(<varname>topicObjectName</varname>) TOPICSTR(<varname>topicString</varname>)</codeph></p><p><codeph>SET
AUTHREC PROFILE(<varname>topicObjectName</varname>) OBJTYPE(TOPIC)
PRINCIPAL(<varname>userIDcreatedInStepa</varname>) AUTHADD(<varname>authorization</varname>)</codeph></p>Where:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt><varname>topicObjectName</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> topic object.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>topicString</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the topic string that you want to set authorization
for.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>userIDcreatedInStepa</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the user ID created in step 1 that is the authority
under which <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> runs
on the queue manager.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>authorization</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the publish and subscribe authorities to give to the
topic. This value can be one of the following values: <ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt><codeph>PUB, DSP</codeph></dt>
<dd>Grants publish authority.</dd>
<dd>The display (DSP) authority allows <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> to inquire
about the attributes of the topic object. This authority is necessary
for <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> to
publish messages.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt><codeph>SUB, CTRL</codeph></dt>
<dd>Grants subscribe and control authority. </dd>
<dd>The control (CTRL) authority allows <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> to delete
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> subscriptions
on <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph>. The authority
to delete subscriptions is required when the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server is restarted.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt><codeph>PUB, DSP, SUB, CTRL</codeph></dt>
<dd>Grants publish, subscribe, and control authority. </dd>
<dd>The control (CTRL) authority allows <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> to delete
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> subscriptions
on <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph>. The authority
to delete subscriptions is required when the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server is restarted.</dd>
<dd>The display (DSP) authority allows <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> to inquire
about the attributes of the topic object. This authority is necessary
for <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> to
publish messages.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul>For more information about <cmdname>DEFINE TOPIC</cmdname>, <cmdname>DEFINE
QLOCAL</cmdname>, and <cmdname>SET AUTHREC</cmdname>, see the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> information center
topics <xref
href="http://pic.dhe.ibm.com/infocenter/wmqv7/v7r5/topic/com.ibm.mq.doc/sc11210_.htm"
scope="external">DEFINE QLOCAL</xref>, <xref
href="http://pic.dhe.ibm.com/infocenter/wmqv7/v7r5/topic/com.ibm.mq.doc/sc11305_.htm"
scope="external" type="html">DEFINE TOPIC</xref>, and <xref
href="http://pic.dhe.ibm.com/infocenter/wmqv7/v7r5/topic/com.ibm.mq.doc/sc15060_.htm"
scope="external" type="html">SET AUTHREC</xref>.</info></substep>
<substep><cmd>Repeat steps <xref format="dita"
href="ad00126_.dita#ad00126_/4" scope="local">d</xref> and <xref
format="dita" href="ad00126_.dita#ad00126_/5" scope="local">e</xref> for
each queue manager that is used by <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph>.</cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<stepsection>From <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>:</stepsection>
<step><cmd>For each <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> queue
manager, create a queue manager connection.</cmd><info><p>A queue
manager connection specifies the connection details for a <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> queue manager.
Queue manager connections are then used in destination mapping rules
to specify the location of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> topic or queue.</p><p>If
you are creating a secured connection, you must enter the same <varname>cipherSpec</varname> value
for the <parmname>SSLCipherSpec</parmname> variable as you specified
when you created the server-connection channel.</p><p>For more information
about creating queue manager connections, see <xref href="ad00113_.dita"></xref>.</p></info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Create a destination mapping rule.</cmd><info><p>A destination
mapping rule associates an <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> topic with a <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> topic or queue. </p><p>For
more information about destination mapping rules, see <xref
href="ad00110_.dita"></xref>.</p></info></step>
<step><cmd>Create any <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> queues
that are used in the destination mapping rules.</cmd><info><p>For
more information about creating <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> queues, see <xref
href="ad00350_.dita"></xref>.</p></info></step>
</steps>
<example><p>This example demonstrates the basic setup of components
to allow messages to be forwarded from an <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> topic <codeph>MSGROOT/LEVEL1</codeph> to
a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> topic <codeph>MQROOT/LEVEL1</codeph>.
This example does not use a secure SSL connection.</p><p>From <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph>:<ol>
<li>Create a basic queue manager that is called <codeph>QM1</codeph> by
using the <cmdname>crtmqm</cmdname> command:<p><codeph>crtmqm QM1</codeph></p></li>
<li>The queue manager name is <codeph>QM1</codeph>. The IP address
is <codeph>192.0.2.0</codeph>.</li>
<li>Create a server-connection channel that is called <codeph>SYSTEM.MSG.SVRCONN</codeph> for <codeph>QM1</codeph>,
by using the <cmdname>DEFINE CHANNEL</cmdname> MQSC command:<p><codeph>runmqsc
QM1</codeph></p><p><codeph>DEFINE CHANNEL(SYSTEM.MSG.SVRCONN) CHLTYPE(SVRCONN)
TRPTYPE(TCP)</codeph></p></li>
<li>The server-connection channel name is <codeph>SYSTEM.MSG.SVRCONN</codeph>,
and it is associated with <codeph>QM1</codeph>.</li>
<li>Start a listener <codeph>MSGLISTENER</codeph> on port <codeph>1415</codeph> for
queue manager <codeph>QM1</codeph>:<p><codeph>runmqsc QM1</codeph></p><p><codeph>DEFINE
LISTENER (MSGLISTENER) TRPTYPE(TCP) CONTROL(QMGR) PORT(1415)</codeph></p><p><codeph>START
LISTENER (MSGLISTENER)</codeph></p></li>
<li>The port number is <codeph>1415</codeph>, and it is associated
with <codeph>QM1</codeph>.</li>
<li>Create <codeph>QUEUE1</codeph> on <codeph>QM1</codeph>:<p><codeph>runmqsc
QM1</codeph></p><p><codeph>DEFINE QLOCAL(QUEUE1)</codeph></p></li>
<li>Authorize <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> to
connect to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> queue
managers:<ol>
<li>Obtain a user ID on the system <codeph>QM1</codeph> is running
on. In this example, the user ID <codeph>MSG</codeph> is used.</li>
<li>Create a channel authentication record that allows only the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> IP address <codeph>192.0.2.1</codeph> to
use the server-connection channel <codeph>SYSTEM.MSG.SVRCONN</codeph>:<p><codeph>runmqsc
QM1</codeph></p><p><codeph>SET CHLAUTH(SYSTEM.MSG.SVRCONN) TYPE(ADDRESSMAP)
ADDRESS(192.0.2.1) MCAUSER('MSG')</codeph></p></li>
<li>Grant general <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> access
to the user ID <codeph>MSG</codeph>:<p><codeph>runmqsc QM1</codeph></p><p><codeph>SET
AUTHREC OBJTYPE(QMGR) PRINCIPAL('MSG') AUTHADD(CONNECT, INQ, DSP)</codeph></p><p><codeph>SET
AUTHREC PROFILE('SYSTEM.DEFAULT.MODEL.QUEUE') OBJTYPE(QUEUE) PRINCIPAL('MSG')
AUTHADD(DSP, GET)</codeph></p><p><codeph>SET AUTHREC PROFILE('SYSTEM.ADMIN.COMMAND.QUEUE')
OBJTYPE(QUEUE) PRINCIPAL('MSG') AUTHADD(DSP, PUT)</codeph></p><p><codeph>SET
AUTHREC PROFILE('SYSTEM.IMA.*') OBJTYPE(QUEUE) PRINCIPAL('MSG') AUTHADD(CRT,
PUT, GET, BROWSE)</codeph></p><p><codeph>SET AUTHREC PROFILE('SYSTEM.DEFAULT.LOCAL.QUEUE')
OBJTYPE(QUEUE) PRINCIPAL('MSG') AUTHADD(DSP)</codeph></p></li>
<li>Grant publish and subscribe authority to <codeph>MQROOT/LEVEL1</codeph>: <p><codeph>runmqsc
QM1</codeph></p><p><codeph>DEFINE TOPIC(MSGTOPIC.QM1) TOPICSTR(MQROOT/LEVEL1)</codeph></p><p><codeph>SET
AUTHREC PROFILE(MSGTOPIC.QM1) OBJTYPE(TOPIC) PRINCIPAL('MSG') AUTHADD(PUB,
DSP, SUB, CTRL)</codeph></p></li>
</ol></li>
</ol></p><p>From <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>:<ol>
<li>Create a queue manager connection that is called <codeph>QM1conn</codeph> that
connects to <codeph>QM1</codeph>, on IP address <codeph>192.0.2.0</codeph>,
port number <codeph>1415</codeph>, and that uses server connection
channel <codeph>SYSTEM.MSG.SVRCONN</codeph>:<p><codeph><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> create
QueueManagerConnection Name=QM1conn QueueManagerName=QM1 ConnectionName=192.0.2.0(1415)
ChannelName=SYSTEM.MSG.SVRCONN</codeph></p></li>
<li>Create an enabled destination mapping rule that is called <codeph>QM1Rule</codeph> that
uses queue manager connection <codeph>QM1conn</codeph>, rule type
1 (<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> topic
to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> topic),
with a source of <codeph>MSGROOT/LEVEL1</codeph>, a destination of <codeph>MQROOT/LEVEL1</codeph>,
and maximum messages set to the default value of <codeph>5000</codeph>:<p><codeph><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> create
DestinationMappingRule Name=QM1Rule QueueManagerConnection=QM1conn
RuleType=2 Source=MSGROOT/LEVEL1 Destination=MQROOT/LEVEL1 Enabled=True</codeph></p></li>
</ol></p></example>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00102_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00101_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00103_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00111_.dita" otherprops="NOTbeta"></link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1354636334 0?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000022304?>
