<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00405_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Add a new standby node after the original standby node failed
by using the GUI</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. Use Edit > Un Comment to have the tags made live.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>In this scenario, the standby node of an HA pair has failed.
So, you must add a new standby node. System administrators can use
the <uicontrol>High Availability</uicontrol> page in the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>.</shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<taskbody>
<prereq>The two <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> appliances
must be physically connected. For more information about connecting
appliances, see <xref format="dita" href="ad00400_.dita" scope="local"
type="concept">Configuring the system for High Availability</xref>.
The administrative state (AdminState) of the two appliances must also
be enabled. Go to the <uicontrol>Network Settings</uicontrol> page
to set the administrative state of the appliances.</prereq>
<context><p>You can configure appliances for high availability by
using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>,
or by using the command line. For more information about using the
command line to configure appliances for high availability, see <xref
href="ad00406_.dita"></xref>. In this scenario, the content of the
store and configuration of Appliance A is preserved and Appliance
A does not require restarting.</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Clean the store on Appliance C:</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>System Control</uicontrol> in the <uicontrol>Appliance</uicontrol> menu.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Select <uicontrol>maintenance</uicontrol> from the <uicontrol>Runmode</uicontrol> list.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Stop the server by clicking <uicontrol>Stop the server</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Start the server by clicking <uicontrol>Start the server</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Select the <uicontrol>clean store</uicontrol> check
box.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Stop the server by clicking <uicontrol>Stop the server</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Start the server by clicking <uicontrol>Start the server</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Select <uicontrol>production</uicontrol> from the <uicontrol>Runmode</uicontrol> list.</cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step><cmd>Configure high availability on Appliance C: </cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>From the <uicontrol>Appliance</uicontrol> menu, select <uicontrol>High
Availability</uicontrol>. </cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> in the <uicontrol>Configuration</uicontrol> panel.
The <wintitle>Edit High Availability Configuration</wintitle> page
is displayed.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Select the <uicontrol>High Availability Enabled</uicontrol> check
box.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Complete the <uicontrol>High Availability Group</uicontrol> field.</cmd>
<info>The high availability group is used to automatically configure
appliances to pair with each other. The value must match the value
on Appliance B. When this value is set, you do not need to provide
replication or discovery addresses.</info></substep>
<substep id="save"><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Restart Now</uicontrol>.</cmd></substep><?Pub
Caret 21?>
</substeps>
</step>
</steps>
<postreq>When the HA pair is up and running, you can view the status
of each appliance from the <uicontrol>Status</uicontrol> menu on the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>. You can view
further information on the status of the appliance by using the <uicontrol>System
Control</uicontrol> page. You can view further information about the
high availability role of the appliance by using the <uicontrol>High
Availability</uicontrol> page.</postreq>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="../Troubleshooting/tr00013_.dita" scope="local"
type="task"></link>
<link format="dita" href="../Troubleshooting/tr00007_.dita" scope="local"
type="task"></link>
<link format="dita" href="ad00280_.dita" scope="local" type="concept">
</link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000004920?>
