<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00114_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring destination mapping rules by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph></title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>System administrators and messaging administrators can
configure destination mapping rules by using the <uicontrol>MQ Connectivity</uicontrol> page
in the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>You can configure destination mapping rules by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>, or by using <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>. For more information about using <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"
/> to configure destination mapping rules, see <xref href="ad00115_.dita"/>.</p><p>For
more information about the components you must specify when you configure
destination mapping rules, see <xref href="ad00110_.dita"></xref>.</p><p>To
preserve the order of the messages, you must use only one queue manager
connection for each destination mapping rule. If you create multiple
destination mapping rules with the same destination, but which use
different queue manager connections, the message order is not preserved.</p><note>To
change the visibility of the data that is shown in a table, enter
a value into <uicontrol>Filter</uicontrol>. The filter is applied
to all of the pages in the table. The filter is applied all columns
in the table, except for the <uicontrol>Associations</uicontrol> column.
You can filter on columns that contain icons by entering the value
that is shown in the icon hover help into the <uicontrol>Filter</uicontrol> field.
To clear the filter, click <uicontrol>Clear Filter</uicontrol>. When
you use filters on the table of destination mapping rules, you cannot
filter on associations or whether the rule is enabled. To filter based
on numbers, specify the value without the comma character.</note></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Go to the <uicontrol>MQ Connectivity</uicontrol> page in
one of the following ways:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>From the <uicontrol>Home</uicontrol> tab, click <uicontrol>MQ Connectivity</uicontrol> in
the <uicontrol>Configure IBM Watson IoT Platform - Message Gateway to accept connections</uicontrol>
pane.</choice>
<choice>From the <uicontrol>Messaging</uicontrol> menu, click <uicontrol>MQ
Connectivity</uicontrol></choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step><cmd>From the <uicontrol>Destination Mapping Rules</uicontrol> pane,
choose an action:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>To add a destination mapping rule, click the <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol> icon.<p>You
can add a destination mapping rule only if at least one queue manager
connection is already defined.</p></choice>
<choice>To delete a destination mapping rule, select the destination
mapping rule and click the <uicontrol>Delete</uicontrol> icon.<p>You
can delete a destination mapping rule only if the rule is disabled.</p></choice>
<choice>To edit a destination mapping rule, select the destination
mapping rule and click the <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> icon.<p>You
can edit the <uicontrol>Max Messages</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Retained
Messages</uicontrol> fields when the destination mapping rule is enabled.
You can edit the other fields only if the rule is disabled. If you
change <uicontrol>Retained Messages</uicontrol> to <option>None</option> while
the destination mapping rule is enabled, messages continue to flow.
Therefore, it is not possible to know which message is the last message
that is retained.</p></choice>
<choice>To view the status of a destination mapping rule, look at
the <uicontrol>Status</uicontrol> column, and hover over the status
icons for more information.</choice>
<choice>To refresh the status of the destination mapping rules, select <uicontrol>Refresh
Status</uicontrol> from the <uicontrol>Other Actions</uicontrol> list.</choice>
<choice>To disable or enable a destination mapping rule, select the
destination mapping rule and select <uicontrol>Enable Rule</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>Disable
Rule</uicontrol> from the <uicontrol>Other Actions</uicontrol> list.<note>Disabling
a destination mapping rule stops the rule, which might result in the
loss of messages.</note></choice>
</choices>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="ad00102_.dita" scope="local"></link>
<link format="dita" href="ad00113_.dita" scope="local" type="concept">
</link>
<link href="ad00091_.dita"></link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1413224004 0?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000004639?>
