<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00402_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Manually configuring appliances as an HA pair by using the
command line</title>
<shortdesc>In this scenario, an appliance that has had high availability
disabled is now paired with another appliance to act as its backup.
System administrators can configure a pair of appliances for high
availability by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>HighAvailability</cmdname> commands
on the command line.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq>The two <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> appliances
must be physically connected. For more information about connecting
appliances, see <xref format="dita" href="ad00400_.dita" scope="local"
type="concept">Configuring the system for High Availability</xref>.</prereq>
<context><p>You can configure appliances for high availability by
using the command line or by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>. For more
information about using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> to configure
appliances for high availability, see <xref href="ad00401_.dita"></xref>.</p><note
otherprops="delete" type="important"><!--28438-->The following scenario
describes changing one server from standby to primary if one of the
server is stopped.<ul>
<li>An HA pair of appliances are identified as HA1 and HA2. Both are
configured <codeph>StartupMode = AutoDetect</codeph>. <sl>
<sli>HA1 is active and is the standby server</sli>
<sli>HA2 is active and is the primary server</sli>
</sl></li>
<li>HA2 is stopped. So, now HA1 is active and is the standby server.</li>
<li>Next, you stop HA1. Now both HA1 and HA2 are stopped.</li>
<li>If you restart HA1, you will get a message saying it can't determine
the true HA status because HA2 is still down.</li>
<li>In order to bring HA1 up as the primary with HA2 still stopped,
you need to update <codeph>StartupMode = StandAlone</codeph></li>
</ul><!--28455--><p>Do <i>not</i> start a node as <codeph>StartupMode
= StandAlone</codeph> if another node is already running and is acting
as a primary. Doing so could create a split-brain condition, where
both nodes act as primary nodes. In this instance, both nodes will
go into maintenance mode. </p></note></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>On Appliance A, configure the primary appliance for  high
availability, by entering the following command:</cmd><info><note>The
command must be capitalized as shown.</note><p><codeph><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> update
HighAvailability "EnableHA=True" </codeph><codeph> "Group=<varname>Group</varname>"</codeph><codeph> "StartupMode=AutoDetect"</codeph><codeph> "PreferredPrimary=True" </codeph><codeph> "RemoteDiscoveryNIC=<varname>remoteDiscIP</varname>" </codeph> <codeph> "LocalDiscoveryNIC=<varname>localDiscIP</varname>" </codeph> <codeph> "LocalReplicationNIC=<varname>localRepIP</varname>"</codeph> <codeph> [
"DiscoveryTimeout=<varname>discTimeout</varname>" ]</codeph> <codeph> [
"HeartbeatTimeout=<varname>hbTimeout</varname><cmdname>" ]</cmdname></codeph></p><p>Where:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Group</dt>
<dd>The high availability group is used to automatically configure
appliances to pair with each other. The value must be the same on
both appliances in the pair. </dd>
</dlentry></dl><?Pub Caret 31?><dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>remoteDiscIP</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the IP address of the NIC that is used for HA discovery
on the remote (standby) node in the HA pair.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>localDiscIP</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the IP address of the NIC that is used for HA discovery
on the local (primary) node in the HA pair.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>localRepIP</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the IP address of the NIC that is used for HA replication
on the local (primary) node in the HA pair.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>discTimeout</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the time in seconds that the node attempts to discover
the HA pair node.</dd>
<dd>This value must be in the range 10-2147483647.</dd>
<dd>The default value is 600.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>hbTimeout</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the time in seconds to detect that the other node in
the HA pair has failed.</dd>
<dd>This value must be in the range 10-2147483647.</dd>
<dd>The default value is 10.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p></info></step>
<step><cmd>On Appliance B enter the following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> update
HighAvailability "EnableHA=True"</codeph><codeph> "Group=<varname>Group</varname>"</codeph><codeph> "StartupMode=AutoDetect" </codeph><codeph>[
"PreferredPrimary=False" ]</codeph><codeph> "RemoteDiscoveryNIC=<varname>remoteDiscIP</varname>"</codeph><codeph> "LocalDiscoveryNIC=<varname>localDiscIP</varname>"</codeph> <codeph> "LocalReplicationNIC=<varname>localRepIP</varname>"</codeph> <codeph> [
"DiscoveryTimeout=<varname>discTimeout</varname>" ]</codeph><codeph> [
"HeartbeatTimeout=<varname>hbTimeout</varname><cmdname>" ]</cmdname></codeph></p></info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Clean the store on Appliance B only.</cmd><info> Failing
to do so will cause both nodes to go into maintenance mode. Enter
the following commands:<codeblock><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> runmode maintenance
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> stop
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> start
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> runmode clean_store
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> stop
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> start</codeblock></info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Change Appliance B to production mode.</cmd><info><codeblock><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> runmode production</codeblock></info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Stop and then restart the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> servers on both
of the appliances.</cmd><info><note type="tip">As a best practice,
stop and restart the standby server first. Then stop and restart the
primary to limit the amount of time that the primary spends waiting
for the standby to become available.</note></info><info><codeblock>imaserver stop
imaserver start</codeblock></info></step>
</steps>
<postreq><p>You can view high availability configuration details of
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> appliance
by using the <cmdname>imaserver show HighAvailability</cmdname> command.</p><p>You can view information about the high availability role of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> appliance by using the <cmdname>imaserver
status</cmdname> command.</p></postreq>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="../Troubleshooting/tr00013_.dita" scope="local"
type="task"></link>
<link format="dita" href="../Troubleshooting/tr00007_.dita" scope="local"
type="task"></link>
<link format="dita" href="ad00280_.dita" scope="local" type="concept">
</link>
<link format="dita"
href="../Reference/ApplianceCmd/cmd_imaserver_status.dita" scope="local"
type="reference"></link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000007496?>
