<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="ad00713_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Creating and updating a certificate profile by using <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/></title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>System administrators can copy a server certificate to use in a certificate profile by using the <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
    /> REST API PUT method. System administrators can then create the certificate profile by using the <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
    /> REST API POST method. Existing certificate profiles can also be updated by system administrators by using the <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API POST method.</shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<taskbody>
    <prereq>
      <p>When you create a certificate profile, you must copy a server certificate to <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> to use in the certificate profile. </p>
    </prereq>
<context>
<p>You can create or update a certificate profile by using <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>, or by using the <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
        />. For more information about using the <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
        /> to create or update a certificate profile, see <xref href="ad00711_.dita"/>.</p>
<p>For more information about the components that you must specify when you create or update certificate profiles, see <xref
        href="ad00710_.dita"/>.</p>
</context>
<steps>
<step id="1">
        <cmd>To create a certificate profile, first copy the server certificate and key from the local machine to <filepath>/var/lib/amlen-server/userfiles</filepath> in <ph
          conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> by using the <ph
          conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
          /> REST API PUT method with the following <ph
          conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> file URI: </cmd>
        <info>
          <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/file/&lt;filename></codeph></p>
        </info>
      </step>
<step>
<cmd>To create or update a certificate profile, use the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API POST method. </cmd>
<substeps>
<substep>
<cmd>Use the following <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> configuration URI:</cmd>
<info>
<p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/</codeph></p>
</info>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Provide CertificateProfile object configuration data in the payload of the POST method by using the following schema. <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to <userinput>application/json</userinput>. Ensure that capitalization and double quotation marks are used as shown. </cmd>
<info><codeblock>
{    
  "CertificateProfile": {
    "&lt;NameOfCertificateProfile>": {
      "Certificate": "string",
      "Key": "string",
      "CertFilePassword": "string",
      "KeyFilePassword": "string",
      "Overwrite": true|false
     }
   }
}</codeblock>Where:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt><varname>NameOfCertificateProfile</varname></dt>
<dd>Required.</dd>
<dd>Specifies a name for the certificate profile.</dd>
<dd>The name must not have leading or trailing spaces and cannot contain control characters, commas, double quotation marks, backslashes, or equal signs. The first character must not be a number or any of the following special characters: </dd>
<dd><codeph>! # $ % &amp; ' ( ) * + - . / : ; &lt; > ? @</codeph></dd>
<dd>The maximum length of the name is 256 characters. </dd>
<dd>After the profile is created, this name cannot be changed.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Certificate</dt>
<dd>Required if you are creating a certificate profile.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the name of the server certificate.</dd>
<dd>If you update the value of <parmname>Certificate</parmname>, ensure that you also update the value of <parmname>Key</parmname>. </dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Key</dt>
<dd>Required if you are creating a certificate profile.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the name of the private key.</dd>
<dd>If you update the value of <parmname>Key</parmname>, ensure that you also update the value of <parmname>Certificate</parmname>. </dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>CertFilePassword</dt>
<dd>Specifies the server certificate password, if any.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>KeyFilePassword</dt>
<dd>Specifies the private key password, if any.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Overwrite: true|false</dt>
<dd>Specifies whether an existing certificate and key are overwritten if they have the same name.</dd>
<dd>The default value is false which means that an existing certificate and key are not overwritten if they have the same name.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl><p>You can check that the configuration of your certificate profile is as expected by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> REST Administration API GET method. For more information about the GET method, see <xref
href="ad00366_.dita"/>.</p></info>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
</steps>
<example>
<p>The following example shows the PUT method to copy a certificate <codeph>certificate.pem</codeph> and key <codeph>certificateKey.pem</codeph> to <filepath>/var/lib/amlen-server/userfiles</filepath> in <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
        /> by using cURL:<codeblock>curl -X PUT -T certificate.pem http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/file/certificate.pem
</codeblock><codeblock>curl -X PUT -T certificateKey.pem http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/file/certificateKey.pem
</codeblock><?Pub Caret 104?></p>
<p>The following example shows a POST method to create a certificate profile named
          <codeph>certProfile</codeph> by using cURL. The certificate profile sets
          <codeph>certificate.pem</codeph> as the server certificate, and sets
          <codeph>certificatekey.pem</codeph> as the private
        key:<codeblock>  
curl -X POST \
   -H 'Content-Type: application/json'  \
   -d  '{ 
           "CertificateProfile": {
            "certProfile": {
             "Certificate": "certificate.pem",
             "Key": "certificateKey.pem"
           }
         }
       }
 '  \
http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/configuration/</codeblock>
        The following shows an example response to the POST
        method.<codeblock>
{        
  "Version": "v1",
  "Code": "CWLNA6011",
  "Message": "The requested configuration change has completed successfully."
}
</codeblock></p>
</example>
<postreq>After you create the certificate profile, you must create or edit a security profile to use the certificate profile. For more information about configuring a security profile, see <xref
href="ad00740_.dita"/>.</postreq>
</taskbody>
</task>
