<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00501_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring the SSH host address by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph></title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>System administrators can set and retrieve information
about the IP address, or addresses that are used to connect to the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> appliance over
SSH, by using the <uicontrol>System Control</uicontrol> page in the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq><p>Relevant network interfaces must be enabled before you
set the SSH host IP address. The IP address of a network interface
that is enabled after the SSH host IP address is set, does not appear
in the information that is displayed in the SSH Host<uicontrol> Status</uicontrol> field.</p></prereq>
<context><p>You can set and retrieve  information about the SSH host
IP address by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>, or by using
the command line. For more information about using the command line
to set and retrieve the SSH host address, see <xref format="dita"
href="ad00502_.dita" scope="local" type="task">Setting and retrieving
the SSH host address by using the command line</xref>.</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Go to the <uicontrol>System Control</uicontrol> page in
one of the following ways:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>From the <uicontrol>Home</uicontrol> tab, click <uicontrol>System
Control</uicontrol> in the <uicontrol>Customize appliance settings</uicontrol> pane.</choice>
<choice>From the <uicontrol>Appliance</uicontrol> menu, click <uicontrol>System
Control</uicontrol>.</choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step><cmd>Choose an action from the <uicontrol>Appliance</uicontrol> pane:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>To retrieve the IP address or addresses that are configured
to accept connections over SSH, view the information that is displayed
in the SSH Host <uicontrol>Settings</uicontrol> field. This value
shows all IP addresses that are currently configured to accept SSH
connections. <ul>
<li><p>If you can connect over SSH to more than one IP address, the
first 2 IP addresses are displayed. If more than 2 IP addresses are
configured, then you can hover over the <uicontrol>Settings</uicontrol> field
to show all the values.</p></li>
<li><p>If you can connect over SSH to any of the IP addresses that
are configured on the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> appliance,
a value of <userinput>0.0.0.0</userinput>, or is displayed.</p></li>
<li><p>If connections over SSH are disabled, a value of <userinput>127.0.0.1</userinput> is
displayed. This value is the IP loopback address.</p></li>
</ul></choice>
<choice>To retrieve the IP address or addresses that the SSH service
is using, view the information that is displayed in the SSH Host <uicontrol>Status</uicontrol> field.<p>This
value shows all IP addresses that are being used by SSH connections.
This value might be different from the value in <uicontrol>Settings</uicontrol>.
For example, an IP address that is set to accept SSH connections might
be unavailable because the ethernet interface is disabled, or the
IP address is not configured on the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> appliance.
The first 2 IP addresses are displayed. If more than 2 IP addresses
are being used, then you can hover over the <uicontrol>Status</uicontrol> field
to show all the values.</p></choice>
<choice>To set the SSH host address, click <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> in
the <uicontrol>SSH host</uicontrol> field. In the window that opens,
specify an IP address that <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> can
accept SSH connections on. <ul>
<li><p>If you want to connect over SSH to more than one IP address,
you can enter multiple host addresses in a comma-separated list.</p></li>
<li><p>If you want to connect over SSH to any of the IP addresses
that are configured on the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> appliance,
enter a value of <userinput>0.0.0.0</userinput>, or a value of <userinput>All</userinput>.</p></li>
<li><p>If you want to disable all connections over SSH, enter a value
of <userinput>127.0.0.1</userinput>. This value is the IP loopback
address.</p></li>
</ul></choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol> to save any change that
you make.</cmd></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<?tm 1384269324 0?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000004720?>
