<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00521_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Creating an SNMP trap subscriber by using the command line</title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can create SNMP trap subscribers
by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>create</cmdname> command
on the command line.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>You can create an SNMP trap subscriber by using the command
line, or by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>. For more
information about using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> to create
an SNMP trap subscriber, see <xref href="ad00511_.dita"></xref>.</p><p>For
more information about the components you must specify to create an
SNMP trap subscriber, see <xref href="ad00510_.dita"></xref>.</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>To create an SNMP trap subscriber, enter the following
command:</cmd><info><note>The command must be capitalized as shown,
and must use the double quotation marks as shown.</note><p><codeph><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> create
SNMPTrapSubscriber "Host=<varname>host</varname>" "ClientPortNumber=<varname>port</varname>"
"Community=<varname>communityName</varname>"</codeph></p><p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>host</dt>
<dd>Specifies the host name or IP address where the SNMP client listens
for trap information. </dd>
<dd>The host name or IP address must be that of an existing SNMP client. </dd>
<dd>Each trap subscriber must have a unique host.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>port</dt>
<dd>Specifies the port number on which the SNMP client is listening
for trap information. </dd>
<dd>The port number must be in the range 1 - 65535.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>communityName</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the SNMP community to which the trap subscriber
belongs.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></p></info></step>
</steps>
<example><p>The following example shows creating an SNMP trap subscriber
that belongs to SNMP community that is called <codeph>MonitoringServer</codeph>,
is listening for trap information at IP address <codeph>9.3.179.144</codeph> and
on port <codeph>1234</codeph>:<screen><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> 
imaserver create SNMPTrapSubscriber "Host=9.3.179.144" "ClientPortNumber=1234" "Community=MonitoringServer"
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></screen><?Pub
Caret -1?></p></example>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00510_.dita"></link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002862?>
