<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="ad00001_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Administering</title>
<shortdesc>Administration tasks can be completed by system administrators or messaging administrators by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>, or by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<note>If you are administering a pair of appliances that are configured for high availability, do not make administrative or configuration changes during the synchronization period that occurs after a member of an HA pair is restarted. You can view the progress of the synchronization by using the <cmdname>imaserver status</cmdname> command. The <codeph>SyncProgress</codeph> value indicates the percentage complete.</note>
<section>
<title>Administering by using the web UI</title>
<p>You can connect to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
/> by using a web browser. For more information about how you can connect to the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>, see <xref href="ad00199_.dita"/>.</p>
</section>
<section><title>Administering by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"
/></title><p><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> has a REST (REpresentational State Transfer) interface and provides <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"
/> which you can use to administer and monitor your system. </p><p> To run a <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"
/>, you call a method on a REST resource and pass parameters or a request in JSON format. The methods that the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/> use are POST, GET, and DELETE:<ul>
<li>The POST method creates or updates a reosurce.</li>
<li>The GET method retrieves data about a resource.</li>
<li>The DELETE method deletes a resource.</li>
</ul></p>You can write scripts or use the Linux program <b>curl</b> to run the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"
/>. Combine a REST URI with the REST method to be used and the data to be passed to create the REST request. </section>
</conbody>
</concept>
