<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00721_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring client certificates by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph></title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can configure client certificates
by using the <uicontrol>Security Settings</uicontrol> page in the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq>You must create the security profile that you want to associate
the client certificates with before you can import the client certificates.
For more information about creating security profiles, see <xref
href="ad00740_.dita"></xref>.</prereq>
<context><p>You can configure client certificates by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>, or by using <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>. For more information about using <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/> to configure client certificates, see <xref
href="ad00722_.dita"/>.</p></context>
<steps>
<step>
<cmd>Go to the <uicontrol>Security Settings</uicontrol> page in one of the following ways:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>From the <uicontrol>Home</uicontrol> tab, click <uicontrol>Server Security</uicontrol> in the <uicontrol>Secure your environment</uicontrol> pane.</choice>
<choice>From the <uicontrol>Server</uicontrol> menu, click <uicontrol>Security Settings</uicontrol>.</choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step><cmd>From the <uicontrol>Security Profiles</uicontrol> pane,
select a security profile.</cmd></step>
<step>
<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Other Actions</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Select <uicontrol>Client Certificates</uicontrol>.</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>To work with trusted CA certificates, select <uicontrol>Trusted Certificates</uicontrol>.</choice>
<choice>To work with trusted client certificates, select <uicontrol>Client Certificates</uicontrol>.</choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step><cmd>Choose an action:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>To upload a certificate to the truststore:<ol>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Browse</uicontrol> and navigate to the certificate file.</li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Upload</uicontrol>.</li>
</ol><note>You can upload a maximum of 100 trusted client certificates for every security profile.</note></choice>
<choice>To delete a  certificate: <ol>
<li>Select the certificate file name in the Certificates grid.</li>
<li>Click the <uicontrol>Delete</uicontrol> icon.</li>
</ol></choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Close</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
</steps>
<postreq>Ensure that the security profile is applied to an endpoint.
For more information about applying a security profile to an endpoint,
see <xref href="ad00360_.dita"></xref>.</postreq><?Pub Caret 0?>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002569?>
