<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00421_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Creating the transfer configuration by using the command line</title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can create the automatic log transfer configuration by using the
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"/>
<cmdname>create LogAutoTransfer</cmdname> command.</shortdesc>
<?Pub Caret 51?>
<taskbody>
<prereq>
<ul>
<li>Only one automatic log transfer configuration can exist. Therefore, you cannot create an
automatic log transfer configuration if one exists. First, you must delete the existing
configuration. For more information about deleting the automatic log transfer configuration, see
<xref href="ad00426_.dita"/>.</li>
<li>You need a remote system that can be accessed by using FTP or SSH.</li>
<li>You need a user ID that has appropriate access to copy the log files to the remote system.</li>
</ul>
</prereq>
<steps-unordered>
<step>
<cmd>To create the automatic log transfer configuration, enter the following command:</cmd>
<info><note>The command must be capitalized as shown, and must use the double quotation marks as
shown.</note><p><codeph><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"/> create
LogAutoTransfer "Destination=<varname>destination</varname>" "Port=<varname>port</varname>"
"UserID=<varname>user</varname>" "Password=<varname>password</varname>"
"Enabled=True|False"</codeph></p>Where:<ul>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>destination</dt>
<dd>Specifies the URL to use to connect to the remote system. </dd>
<dd>The protocol can be either FTP or SSH. </dd>
<dd>The URL must include the protocol to use to connect to the remote system. That is,
<filepath>ftp://</filepath> for FTP, or <filepath>scp://</filepath> for SSH.  </dd>
<dd>The URL cannot include the user ID.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>port</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the port to use to connect to the remote system.</dd>
<dd>The default value for FTP is 21. The default value for SSH is 22.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>user</dt>
<dd>Specifies the user ID to use to log on to the remote system.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>password</dt>
<dd>Specifies the password to use to log on to the remote system.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>"Enabled=True|False"</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies whether automatic log transfers are enabled.</dd>
<dd>The default value is True.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
</ul></info>
</step>
</steps-unordered>
<example>The following example shows the creation of the automatic log transfer
configuration:<codeblock><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"/> <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"/> create LogAutoTransfer "Destination=ftp://192.0.2.10" "UserID=User1" "Password=Password"
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"/></codeblock></example>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00420_.dita"/>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000000922?>
