<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00326_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Deleting a configuration object by using <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/></title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can delete configuration objects, including endpoints, connection
    policies, messaging policies, and message hubs by using a <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPI"/>.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>You can delete a configuration object by using a <ph
          conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPI"/>, or by using the <ph
          conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>. For more information about using the
          <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> to delete a configuration object,
        see <xref href="ad00361_.dita"/>.</p>
<p>You can use the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API DELETE method  to delete configuration objects,
        including endpoints, connection policies, messaging policies, and message hubs. To delete a
        message hub, you must first delete the endpoints that are associated with the message hub.
        You can delete the connection policies and messaging policies, or keep them to use with
        another endpoint.</p><p>The following list shows the valid  object types that you can delete by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API DELETE method:<ul>
          <li>MessageHub</li>
          <li>ConnectionPolicy</li>
          <li>MessagingPolicy</li>
          <li>EndPoint</li>
          <li>ConfigurationPolicy</li>
          <li>CertificateProfile</li>
          <li>SecurityProfile</li>
          <li>LTPAProfile</li>
          <li>OAuthProfile</li>
          <li>LDAP</li>
          <li>Queue</li>
          <li>TopicMonitor</li>
        </ul></p></context>
<steps>
<step>
<cmd>To delete a configuration object, use the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API DELETE method with
the following <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> configuration URI: </cmd>
        <info>
          <p><codeph>https://&lt;Server-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/{ObjectType}/[ObjectName]</codeph></p>
          <p>where: <ul>
              <li>
                <dl>
                  <dlentry>
                    <dt>ObjectType</dt>
                    <dd>Specifies the type of configuration object.</dd>
                    <dd>A valid list of object types is displayed in the "About this task"
                      section.</dd>
                  </dlentry>
                </dl>
              </li>
              <li>
                <dl>
                  <dlentry>
                    <dt>ObjectName</dt>
                    <dd>Optional.</dd>
                    <dd>Specifies the name of a specific configuration object.</dd>
                    <dd>If <parmname>ObjectName</parmname> is not specified, all instances of the
                      specified object type are deleted.</dd>
                  </dlentry>
                </dl>
              </li>
            </ul></p>
        </info>
      </step>
</steps>
<example>
      <p>The following example shows the deletion of all instances of  MessageHub by using cURL:</p>
      <codeblock>curl -X DELETE https://9.3.198.56:9089/ima/v1/configuration/MessageHub
</codeblock>
      <p>The following example shows the deletion of a specific instance of a MessageHub called
        "DemoHub" by using cURL:</p>
      <codeblock>curl -X DELETE https://9.3.198.56:9089/ima/v1/configuration/MessageHub/DemoHub
</codeblock>
    </example>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00360_.dita"></link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000004837?>
