<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="task_fqg_jbs_yn" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> server
connection channel on <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm></title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>To send messages between <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> and <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>, you must configure
a server connection channel. Follow these steps to configure a server
connection channel on <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm>.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context> <p>This task details the steps that are required to configure
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> server
connection channel on <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="z/OS">z/OS</tm>.
For more information about how to configure the server connection
channel on distributed platforms, see <xref href="ad00091_.dita"></xref>.</p> <p>You
can use an existing server connection channel, but a new channel provides
the following benefits:<ul>
<li>Active <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> channels
can be easily identified on the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> queue manager.</li>
<li>The connection between <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> and <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> can be explicitly
secured.</li>
<li>CHLAUTH records can be created to map the user ID of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> requests to an
appropriate user ID on the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> system.</li>
</ul></p> <p>These steps take place on the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> system.</p> </context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Create a server-connection channel for the queue manager,
by using the <cmdname>DEFINE CHANNEL</cmdname> MQSC command.</cmd><info><p><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> uses the server-connection
channel to connect to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph>.</p>For
more information about the <cmdname>DEFINE CHANNEL</cmdname> command
and the options available, see <xref
href="http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSFKSJ_7.5.0/com.ibm.mq.ref.adm.doc/q085520_.htm"
scope="external">DEFINE CHANNEL</xref> in the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> documentation.</info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Make a note of the server-connection channel name, and
which queue manager the channel is associated with. If applicable,
make a note of the <parmname>SSLCIPH</parmname> value used. Make a
note of the port number of the listener.</cmd><info> <p>The name of the server-connection channel is used when you create a queue manager connection by
      using either the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>, or the <ph
       conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
      <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>. The name is also used when you
      authorize <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> to connect to <ph
       conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/>.</p> </info></step>
<step><cmd>Configure security on the queue manager:</cmd><info> <p> <ul>
<li>If command security is enabled, then the following access is required:<ul>
<li>ALTER access is required to the <codeph>hlq.DEFINE.QUEUE</codeph> profile
in the MQCMDS class</li>
<li>ALTER access is required to the <codeph>hlq.DELETE.QUEUE</codeph> profile
in the MQCMDS class</li>
<li>READ access is required to the <codeph>hlq.DISPLAY.TPSTATUS</codeph> profile
in the MQCMDS class</li>
</ul></li>
<li>If command resource security is enabled, then the following access
is required:<ul>
<li>ALTER access is required to the <codeph>hlq.QUEUE.SYSTEM.IMA.**</codeph> profile
in the MQADMIN class</li>
</ul></li>
<li>If queue security is enabled, then the following access is required:<ul>
<li>UPDATE access is required to the <codeph>hlq.SYSTEM.DEFAULT.MODEL.QUEUE</codeph> profile
in the MQQUEUE class</li>
<li>UPDATE access is required to the <codeph>hlq.SYSTEM.ADMIN.COMMAND.QUEUE</codeph> profile
in the MQQUEUE class</li>
<li>ALTER access is required to the <codeph>hlq.SYSTEM.IMA.**</codeph> profile
in the MQQUEUE class</li>
</ul></li>
<li>If topic security is enabled, then the following access is required:<ul>
<li>UPDATE access is required to the <codeph>hlq.PUBLISH.<varname>topic</varname></codeph> profile
in the MXTOPIC class</li>
<li>ALTER access is required to the <codeph>hlq.SUBSCRIBE.<varname>topic</varname></codeph> profile
in the MXTOPIC class</li>
</ul>Where <varname>topic</varname> is the name of the topic that
you want to publish or subscribe to.</li>
<li> If channel authentication is enabled, appropriate rules are required
to permit client access:<ul>
<li>The MCAUSER can be set on either the channel or by using a channel
authentication rule.</li>
</ul></li>
</ul> <note><varname>hlq</varname> can be either <parmname>qmgr-name</parmname> (queue
manager name) or <parmname>qsg-name</parmname> (queue-sharing group
name).</note> </p> </info></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<?tm 1413224003 3?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000005278?>
