<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00122_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Deleting a queue manager connection by using the command line</title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can delete a queue manager connection
by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>delete
QueueManagerConnection</cmdname> command.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context>You can delete a queue manager connection by using the command
line, or by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>. For more
information about using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> to delete
a queue manager connection, see <xref href="ad00117_.dita"></xref>.<note>You
can delete a queue manager connection only if all the destination
mapping rules that were using the queue manager connection are deleted.</note></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>To delete a queue manager connection, enter the following
command:</cmd><info><note>The command must be capitalized as shown.</note><p><codeph><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> delete
QueueManagerConnection <varname>QMCname</varname></codeph></p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>QMCname</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the queue manager connection you want to
delete.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></info><info><note>When you delete a queue manager connection
by using the command line, and the queue manager connection has unresolved
transactions, you see this message:<p><codeph>Queue Manager Connection
has unresolved transactions. The update is not allowed without the
force option.</codeph></p><?Pub Caret 105?><p>If you want to delete
the queue manager despite the unresolved transactions, add <codeph>"Force=True"</codeph> to
the delete command. This flag discards the unresolved transactions
and deletes the queue manager.</p></note></info></step>
</steps>
<example><p>This example demonstrates deleting a queue manager connection
called <codeph>exampleQMC</codeph>.</p><screen><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> delete QueueManagerConnection exampleQMC
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></screen></example>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00120_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00127_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00121_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00091_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00102_.dita"></link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002762?>
