<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="ad00280_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Starting, stopping, restarting and viewing the status of the <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server</title>
<shortdesc>You can restart, stop and view the status of the <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server by using <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/> or by using the <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>. </shortdesc>
<conbody>
    <p>If you stop the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> you can only start the
      server by using a Docker command or by using a systemctl command directly on the host OS. You
      cannot start the server by using a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPI"/> or
      by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>. Therefore, if you make a
      configuration change that requires a server restart you might want to use the REST API service
      restart command rather than stopping and starting the server, so that you maintain REST API
      access to the server process. </p>
<p>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
   /> server status determines what actions can be carried out on the server. You can view the server status by using a <ph
   conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPI"/>, or by using the <ph
   conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>.<ul>
   <li>If the server status is <codeph>Stopped</codeph>, the server is not running. You can start
          the server. </li>
   <li>If the server status is <codeph>Running</codeph>, the server is running. You can restart or
          stop the server. Stopping the server prevents all messaging. </li>
   <li>If the server status is <codeph>Maintenance</codeph>, the server is in maintenance mode. For more information about maintenance mode, see <xref
    format="dita" href="../Troubleshooting/tr00006_.dita" scope="local"/>.</li>
   <?Pub Caret 36?>
   </ul></p>
<p>For more information about viewing server status, and restarting and stopping the server by using
      the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>, see <xref href="ad00281_.dita"
      />.</p>
  <p>For more information about viewing the status of the server and services by using <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>, see <xref href="ad00921_.dita"/>.</p>
    <p>For more information about starting, restarting and stopping the server by using <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>, see <xref href="ad00282_.dita"/>.</p>
<note>Restarting the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server
sets all <xref format="dita" href="../Monitoring/admin00016.dita"
scope="peer" type="concept">topic monitor</xref> data to zero. </note>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000002996?>
