<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="ad00400" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring your system for high availability</title>
<shortdesc>To recover from outages that might include planned events (such as maintenance and
  backups) and unplanned events (such as software failures, hardware failures, power failures, and
  disasters) you can configure an <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server to
  serve as a backup.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>You might want to configure your system for high availability (HA) in case the primary server
   experiences a failure. If your server is configured to be highly available, the standby server
   automatically takes over as the new primary server if the original primary server fails. After
   the original primary is available again, it acts as the standby server. </p>
<section><title>Connecting a pair of servers for high availability</title>Servers are identified as<dl>
                  <dlentry>
                        <dt>Primary</dt>
                        <dd>The server that is processing messages.</dd>
                  </dlentry>
                  <dlentry>
                        <dt>Standby</dt>
                        <dd>The backup server to which the primary server is replicated.</dd>
                  </dlentry>
                  </dl></section>
<section><title>Configuring server parameters to support HA</title><p>To use the HA feature, you must enable high availability and assign a group name on both servers.
    You must consider the values that you want to assign to the following parameters before you
    configure a pair of servers for HA:</p><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Group</dt>
<dd>Group is used to identify which server to pair with. The value must be the same on both servers.
      The maximum length of this value is 128 characters.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Startup mode</dt>
<dd>A node can be set in either <term>auto-detect</term> or <term>stand-alone</term> mode. <ul>
<li>In auto-detect mode, two nodes must be started. The nodes automatically
try to detect one another and establish an HA pair. </li>
<li>Use stand-alone mode only when you are starting a single node.
Stand-alone mode is used to bring up a single node with the intention
to later bring up another node that synchronizes with the first node
and creates an HA pair.</li>
</ul></dd>
</dlentry></dl><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Local Discovery Address, Local Replication Address and Remote Discovery Address</dt>
<dd>In an HA environment, you must have two network interfaces for each server - a replication
      interface and a discovery interface.</dd>
<dd>The remote discovery address is the IP address of the discovery interface on the remote node in
      the HA pair.</dd>
<dd>The local discovery and local replication addresses are the IP addresses of the discovery and
      replication interfaces of the local node.</dd>
<dd>You can choose the IP addresses that you assign to these interfaces,
providing that the following criteria are met: <ul>
<li>The IP addresses that are assigned to the discovery interface on server A and server B are on
        the same subnet (for example, subnet 1).</li>
<li>The IP addresses that are assigned to the replication interface on server A and server B are on
        the same subnet (for example, subnet 2).</li>
<li>Subnet 1 and subnet 2 are not the same.</li>
</ul></dd>
<dd>For example, you can configure the discovery and replication interfaces for server A and server
      B in the following way:<dl>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>server A</dt>
        <dd>Discovery interface: <filepath>192.0.20.10/24</filepath></dd>
        <dd>Replication interface: <filepath>192.0.30.11/24</filepath></dd>
       </dlentry>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>server B</dt>
        <dd>Discovery interface: <filepath>192.0.20.20/24</filepath>
        </dd>
        <dd>Replication interface: <filepath>192.0.30.21/24</filepath></dd>
       </dlentry>
      </dl>where <filepath>192.0.20</filepath> and <filepath>192.0.30</filepath> are subnets.</dd>
<dd>For servers using a single aggregated link where there is only a single subnet presented by the host
operating system it is possible to disable the check for two network interfaces as described in
<xref href="../Reference/static_configuration.dita"/>. Disabling the check for two network interfaces and not ensuring
the network connection is redundant will result in a single point of failure.</dd>
</dlentry></dl><dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Timeouts</dt>
<dd>The discovery timeout is the amount of time, in seconds, within which a server that is started
      in auto-detect mode must connect to the other server in the HA pair. The valid range is 10 -
      2147483647. The default is 600. If the connection is not made within that time, the server
      starts in maintenance mode. </dd>
<dd>The heartbeat timeout is the amount of time, in seconds, within which a server must determine
      whether the other server in the HA pair fails. The valid range is 1 - 2147483647. The default
      is 10. If the primary server does not receive a heartbeat from the standby server within this
      time, it continues to work as the primary server but the data synchronization process is
      stopped. If the standby server does not receive a heartbeat from the primary server within
      this time , the standby server becomes the primary server. </dd>
</dlentry></dl><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Clock synchronization and <parmname>MaxMessageTimeToLive</parmname></dt>
<dd>Consider the value of the <parmname>MaxMessageTimeToLive</parmname> parameter on your messaging
      policies when you synchronize the clocks on the servers in the HA pair. This parameter
      specifies the maximum time that a put or published message can exist for in <ph
       conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>. The smaller the value of this parameter is,
      the closer you need to synchronize the clocks on the HA pair. For example, if you set a
       <parmname>MaxMessageTimeToLive</parmname> value of 3600, which equates to 1 hour, you can
      synchronize the clocks on the HA pair to within 1 or 2 minutes of each other. If you set a
       <parmname>MaxMessageTimeToLive</parmname> value of 1, which equates to 1 second, synchronize
      the clocks on the HA pair to within 100 milliseconds. Use a network time protocol (NTP) server
      to keep the clocks synchronized.</dd>
</dlentry></dl><p>After the servers are configured, you must stop and restart the <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server.</p></section>
</conbody>
<?tm 1413223992 2?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000011038?>
