<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="ad00370_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring LDAP for user authentication</title>
<shortdesc>You can configure messaging users and groups by using an LDAP server. You can configure the LDAP server either by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>, or by using <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>Messaging users send and receive messages. Messaging users are used in connection policies, messaging policies, and security policies when you filter access by user ID. Messaging groups are collections of messaging users. Messaging groups are also used in connection policies, messaging policies, and security policies when you filter access by group name. For more information about messaging users and groups, see <xref
format="dita" href="../Security/se00002_.dita" scope="local"/>.</p>
<p>If you have an existing LDAP server of users and groups, you can use the server to provide the
   messaging user and group information. You can only use one LDAP server for your messaging users
   and groups.</p>
<p>You can configure only one LDAP server. You might need to add a DNS entry to resolve the IP
address of the LDAP server. <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> supports the following external LDAP servers:
openLDAP, IBM Security Directory Server, and Microsoft Active Directory. </p>
<p>When you configure an LDAP server, you can specify the following components:<ul>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>URL</dt>
<dd>The URL to connect to the LDAP server.</dd>
<dd>The URL must start with <filepath>ldap://</filepath> or <filepath>ldaps://</filepath></dd>
<dd>If you use <filepath>ldaps://</filepath>, and <uicontrol>Check Server Certificate </uicontrol>
is set to <uicontrol>Use messaging server trust store</uicontrol>, you must upload a server
certificate to allow verification of the LDAP server connection.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Maximum connections</dt>
<dd>The maximum number of concurrent connections that can be made to the LDAP server.</dd>
<dd>This value must be in the range 1-100.</dd>
<dd>The default value is 10.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Base DN</dt>
<dd>The base distinguished name of the directory service.</dd>
<dd>The base DN is the root of the tree that is searched for users and groups. For example, for a user with a DN of <codeph>cn=user, ou=location, o=company, c=country</codeph> you can specify the base DN as one of the following strings: <sl>
<sli><codeph>ou=location, o=company, c=country</codeph></sli>
<sli><codeph>o=company, c=country</codeph></sli>
<sli><codeph>c=country</codeph></sli>
</sl></dd>
<dd>The base DN is case-sensitive.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Bind DN</dt>
<dd>The distinguished name to use when you bind to LDAP.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Bind password</dt>
<dd>The password to use when you bind to LDAP.</dd>
<dd><!--Added " for defects 20463, 20464, 18293-->The password cannot contain a double quotation mark (<codeph>"</codeph>). </dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
<?Pub Caret 159?>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Ignore case</dt>
<dd>Whether to ignore case during an LDAP search.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>User suffix</dt>
<dd>The distinguished name that is the suffix of the user distinguished name.</dd>
<dd>For example, for a user DN of <codeph>cn=user, ou=users, ou=location, o=company, c=country</codeph>, the user suffix is <codeph>ou=users, ou=location, o=company, c=country</codeph></dd>
<dd>If the user suffix is not specified, <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> searches for the user DN. The user ID map is used as part of this search.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Group suffix</dt>
<dd>The distinguished name that is the suffix of the group distinguished name.</dd>
<dd>For example, for a group DN of <codeph>cn=Developer, ou=groups, ou=location, o=company, c=country</codeph>, the group suffix is <codeph>ou=groups, ou=location, o=company, c=country</codeph></dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>User ID map</dt>
<dd>The LDAP filter that maps the short name of a user to an LDAP entry.</dd>
<dd>For example, to show entries of the <codeph>object class = inetOrgPerson</codeph> type by ID, specify <codeph>inetOrgPerson:uid</codeph></dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Group ID map</dt>
<dd>The LDAP filter that maps the short name of a group to an LDAP entry.</dd>
<dd>For example, to show groups by name, specify <codeph>*:cn</codeph>. The asterisk (*) is a wildcard character that searches on any object class.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Group member ID map</dt>
<dd>The LDAP filter that identifies user-to-group relationships.</dd>
<dd>For example, for <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM"
>IBM</tm> Directory, the value is <codeph>ibm-allGroup:member</codeph>.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Timeout</dt>
<dd>The timeout for LDAP calls, in seconds.</dd>
<dd>This value must be in the range 1-60.</dd>
<dd>The default value is 10.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Enable cache</dt>
<dd>Whether credentials are cached.</dd>
<dd>The default value is True.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Cache Timeout</dt>
<dd>The time to live of the authentication token, in seconds. After a user is authenticated, an authentication token is created for each user. This token is cached. If the cached token is not expired, then this token is used for authentication. If the cached token is expired, the user is authenticated against the configured LDAP server. </dd>
<dd>This value must be in the range 1-60.</dd>
<dd>The default value is 10.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Group Cache Timeout</dt>
<dd>The group cache time to live, in seconds.</dd>
<dd>This value must be in the range 1-86400.</dd>
<dd>The default value is 300.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Nested Group Search</dt>
<dd>Whether to use nested group searching to find the group membership of a user.</dd>
<dd>The default value is False.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry id="CertificateTheCAClientCertificateTo">
<dt>Certificate</dt>
<dd>The certificate that is used to verify the LDAP server, if the LDAP URL uses TLS.</dd>
<dd>When you create an LDAP server connection by using the <ph
                           conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>, you can upload and
                        specify the certificate in the <uicontrol>Edit LDAP Connection</uicontrol>
                        pane.</dd>
<dd>The certificate must be a pem format certificate. The certificate is renamed to <filepath>ldap.pem</filepath> after it is uploaded.</dd>
<dd>If you change the LDAP certificate, the new LDAP settings will be used the next time a client or connection is authenticated or authorized.</dd>
<dd>When you configure an LDAP server connection by using <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"
/>, you must import the certificate before you create the connection. For more information about importing the certificate, see <xref
href="ad00378_.dita"/>.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Check Server Certificate</dt>
<dd>Available in version 5.0.0.2 and later releases.  Possible options are as follows:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Use messaging server trust store</dt>
<dd>When connecting to the LDAP server, the certificate that is presented by the server is checked
using the certificate that is uploaded to the product trust store.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Use public trust store</dt>
<dd>The certificate that is presented by the LDAP server is checked against the public certificates
that are installed as part of the operating system.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Disable certificate verification</dt>
<dd>No certificate verification is performed when connecting to the LDAP server. This is an insecure
option that is designed for testing purposes only.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl></dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
</ul></p>
<p>If you are updating an LDAP certificate in a High Availability (HA) environment, you must upload
   the new certificate on the primary server and then replicate this certificate on the standby
   server.</p>
  <p otherprops="future">For more information about how to update certificates in an HA environment,
   see <xref format="dita" href="ad00379_.dita" scope="local" type="task">Updating a certificate for
    an LDAP connection in a High Availability environment by using REST Administration
   APIs</xref>.</p>
<p>For more information about configuring an LDAP server connection by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>, see <xref href="ad00372_.dita"/>.</p>
<p>For more information about configuring an LDAP server connection by using <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>, see <xref href="ad00373_.dita"/>.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000002434?>
