<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00211_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring Ethernet interfaces by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph></title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can configure the Ethernet interfaces
of the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> appliance
by using the <uicontrol>Network Settings</uicontrol> page in the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>.</shortdesc><?Pub
Caret 67?>
<taskbody>
<context><p>You can configure Ethernet interfaces by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>, or by using
the command line. For more information about using the command line
to configure Ethernet interfaces, see <xref href="ad00212_.dita"></xref>.</p><p>When
you edit an Ethernet interface, you can choose to test the connection.
When you select this option, the Ethernet interface is temporarily
configured to use the new settings. The connection test validates
the Ethernet interface configuration, including the IP address and
gateway. If gateway information is provided, the test attempts to
ping that gateway. Therefore, you must have a cable plugged into the
Ethernet port you are configuring, and that Ethernet interface must
be able to reach the gateway. After the test is complete, the settings
of the Ethernet interface are returned to the last saved values.</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Go to the <uicontrol>Network Settings</uicontrol> page
in one of the following ways:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>From the <uicontrol>Home</uicontrol> tab, click <uicontrol>Network
Settings</uicontrol> in the <uicontrol>Customize appliance settings</uicontrol> pane.</choice>
<choice>From the <uicontrol>Appliance</uicontrol> menu, click <uicontrol>Network
Settings</uicontrol>.</choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step><cmd>To edit an Ethernet interface, select an interface from
the <uicontrol>Ethernet Interfaces</uicontrol> pane and click the <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> icon.</cmd>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00210_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00200_.dita"></link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002345?>
