<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00123_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Creating a destination mapping rule by using the command line</title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can create a destination mapping
rule by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>create
DestinationMappingRule</cmdname> command.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context>You can create a destination mapping rule by using the command
line, or by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>. For more
information about using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> to create
a destination mapping rule, see <xref href="ad00114_.dita"></xref>.<note> Before
you can create a destination mapping rule, you must create the queue
manager connection that you want to use in the rule.</note></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>To create a destination mapping rule, enter the following
command:</cmd><info><note>It is necessary to capitalize each command
parameter, and to use the double quotation marks as shown.</note><p><codeph><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> create
DestinationMappingRule "Name=<varname>DMRname</varname>" "QueueManagerConnection=<varname>QMCname</varname>"
"RuleType=<varname>RuleNumber</varname>" "Source=<varname>SourceString</varname>"
"Destination=<varname>DestinationString</varname>" "MaxMessages=<varname>MsgCount</varname>"
"RetainedMessages=<varname>Retained</varname>" "Enabled=True|False"</codeph></p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>DMRname</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the destination mapping rule. After the
destination mapping rule is created, you cannot change this name.</dd>
<dd>The name must not have leading or trailing spaces and cannot contain
control characters, commas, double quotation marks, backslashes, or
equal signs. The first character must not be a number or any of the
following special characters: <p><codeph>! # $ % &amp; ' ( ) * + -
. / : ; &lt; > ? @</codeph></p></dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>QMCname</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of one or more queue manager connections. The
queue manager connections identify which queue managers the rule maps
to. You can specify more than one queue manager connection by using
a comma-separated list.</dd>
<dd>To preserve the order of the messages, you must use only one queue
manager connection for each destination mapping rule. If you create
multiple destination mapping rules with the same destination, but
which use different queue manager connections, the message order is
not preserved.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>RuleNumber</dt>
<dd>Specifies the rule type that you want to use.<p>The rule type
can be any of the values that are detailed in the following table:<table
conref="ad00110_.dita#ad00110_/ruleTypes"><title></title><desc> <p
outputclass="summary"></p> </desc>
<tgroup cols="2"><colspec colname="col1"/><colspec colname="col2"/>
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Header</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Header</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"></entry>
<entry colname="col2"></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table></p><note> With rule type 9, a mapping that results in an<ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> topic string
with more than 32 levels cannot be mapped correctly because <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> has a maximum
topic level of 32. In cases where the level limit is exceeded, the
messages are handled as follows: <ul>
<li>For non-persistent messages, the message is discarded. </li>
<li>For persistent messages, the message is retained in a loop between <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> and <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>. In this instance,
no further messages can be sent on the affected rule until the looped
message is removed from the queue manager.</li>
</ul> </note></dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>SourceString</dt>
<dd>Specifies the source topic string or queue for the rule.</dd>
<dd>The source that is specified must follow the naming rules for
the source type.</dd>
<dd>For <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> queues,
the value can contain characters in the ranges a-z, A-Z, and 0-9,
and any of the following characters:<codeph>% . /  _</codeph></dd>
<dd>For <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>,
the value must not have leading or trailing spaces and cannot contain
control characters, commas, double quotation marks, backslashes or
equal signs. The first character must not be a number, quotation mark,
or any of the following special characters: <codeph>! # $ % &amp;
( ) * + , - . / : ; &lt; = > ? @"</codeph></dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>DestinationString</dt>
<dd>Specifies the destination topic string or queue for the rule.</dd>
<dd>The destination that is specified must follow the naming rules
for the destination type.</dd>
<dd>For <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> queues,
the value can contain characters in the ranges a-z, A-Z, and 0-9,
and any of the following characters:<codeph>% . /  _</codeph></dd>
<dd>For <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>,
the value must not have leading or trailing spaces and cannot contain
control characters, commas, double quotation marks, backslashes or
equal signs. The first character must not be a number, quotation mark,
or any of the following special characters: <codeph>! # $ % &amp;
( ) * + , - . / : ; &lt; = > ? @"</codeph></dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>MsgCount</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the maximum number of messages that can be buffered
for the destination mapping rule. </dd>
<dd>This option is valid only for destination mapping rules from <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> topics to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph>. That is, rule
types 1, 2, 5, 6, and 7.</dd>
<dd>The value must be in the range 1-20000000. The default value is
5000. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Retained</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies which messages are forwarded as to a topic as retained
messages.</dd>
<dd>This parameter overrides the retained message setting of the original
message publisher.</dd>
<dd>This option is only valid for destination mapping rules that forward
messages to a topic or topic subtree.</dd>
<dd>This value can be one of the following values:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>All</dt>
<dd>All messages are forwarded to the topic as retained messages.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>None</dt>
<dd>No messages are forwarded to the topic as retained messages.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul>The default value is None.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Enabled=True|False</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies whether the rule is enabled (True) or disabled (False).</dd>
<dd>The default value is True.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul><?Pub Caret -1?></info></step>
</steps>
<example><p>This example demonstrates creating a destination mapping
rule called <codeph>exampleRule</codeph>. It uses rule type 1: <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> topic to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> queue.</p><screen><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> create DestinationMappingRule "Name=exampleRule" "QueueManagerConnection=exampleQMC"
 "RuleType=1" "Source=ISMRoot/Level1" "Destination=Queue1" "MaxMessages=7000" "Enabled=True"
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></screen> </example>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00124_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00116_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00118_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00128_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00125_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00091_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00102_.dita"></link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1354636336 0?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000008315?>
