<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00098_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Changing the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> 
web address by using the command line</title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can change the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>  web address
by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>set
WebUIHost</cmdname> and <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>set
WebUIPort</cmdname> commands on the command line.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<steps-unordered>
<step><cmd>To view the IP address of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>, enter the
following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>imaserver get WebUIHost</codeph></p>Where:</info>
</step>
<step><cmd>To change the IP address of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>, enter the
following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>imaserver set WebUIHost=<varname>IPAddress</varname></codeph></p>Where:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>IPAddress</dt>
<dd>Specifies the IP address of the Ethernet interface that you want
to access the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> from.</dd>
<dd>To use all available IP addresses, specify <codeph>All</codeph>.
If any of the appliance Ethernet interfaces are connected to the internet,
setting the IP address to All makes the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> accessible
from the internet. For a more secure administration environment, you
must choose an internal network IP address.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></info></step>
<step><cmd>To view the port number of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>, enter the
following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>imaserver get WebUIPort</codeph></p>Where:</info>
</step>
<step><cmd>To change the port number of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>, enter the
following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>imaserver set WebUIPort=<varname>port</varname></codeph></p>Where:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>port</dt>
<dd>Specifies the port that you want to use.</dd>
<dd>This value can be any value in the range 1-8999, 9087, or 9100-65535.</dd>
</dlentry></dl><p>Do not change the port number unless it is critical
to do so. Ensure that you select a port that is not in use. If you
select a port that is in use, you cannot log in to the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>.</p><note
type="important">After changing the port, the old port is still available
if users logged in to the Web UI are using the old port.  The old
port stops being available when the last user logs off.  You can stop
and start the Web UI from the command line to disconnect any users
on the old port. See <xref format="dita"
href="../Reference/WebUICmd/cmd_imaserver_stop_webui.dita" scope="local"
type="reference"></xref> and <xref format="dita"
href="../Reference/WebUICmd/cmd_imaserver_start_webui.dita" scope="local"
type="reference"></xref>.</note><?Pub Caret 188?></info></step>
</steps-unordered>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00197_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00199_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00198_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00196_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00195_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00000_.dita"></link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003535?>
