<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="ad00945_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Viewing the cluster status of an <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> server by using a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPI"/></title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>System administrators can view the cluster status of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API GET method. </shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<taskbody>
<steps-unordered>
<step>
<cmd>To view the cluster status of the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> server, use the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> REST API GET method with the following <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> configuration URI:</cmd>
<info>
<p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/service/status/Cluster</codeph></p>
<note>The cluster status of the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> server is also returned as part of the data that is returned from the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API GET method with the following URI:</note>
<p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/service/status</codeph></p>
</info>
</step>
</steps-unordered>
<result>The following cluster status information is returned:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Status</dt>
<dd>The status of the server in the cluster. Possible values, and their meanings, are:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Active</dt>
<dd>The server is a configured member of a cluster.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Inactive</dt>
<dd>The server is not a cluster member, or it is not enabled for cluster membership.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Standby</dt>
<dd>The server is the standby server in a clustered HA pair.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl></dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Name</dt>
<dd>The name of the cluster of which the server is a member.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Enabled</dt>
<dd>Whether the server is enabled for cluster membership. Possible values, and their meanings, are:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>true</dt>
<dd>The server is enabled for cluster membership.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>false</dt>
<dd>The server is not enabled for cluster membership.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl></dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>ConnectedServers</dt>
<dd>The number of known cluster members that are currently active, and to which this server is able to connect.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>DisconnectedServers</dt>
<dd>The number of known cluster members that this server is unable to connect to.</dd>
<dd>The server might be unable to connect to a known cluster member because the known cluster member is not running or is in maintenance mode, or there might be network connectivity problems. </dd>
</dlentry>
</dl></result>
<example>
<p>The following example demonstrates displaying the cluster status of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server by using cURL. </p>
<codeblock>curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/service/status/Cluster
</codeblock>
<p>The following example shows an example response to the GET method:</p>
<codeblock>
{ 
  "Version":"v1", 
  "Cluster": { 
    "Status": "Active",    
    "Name": "MyCluster",    
    "Enabled": true,    
    "ConnectedServers": 3,
    "DisconnectedServers": 1
  }
}
</codeblock>
</example>
</taskbody>
</task>
