<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad01330_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Editing a connection policy by using the command line</title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can edit connection policies by using
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>update
ConnectionPolicy</cmdname> command.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>You can edit a connection policy by using the command
line, or by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>. For more
information about using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> to edit a
connection policy, see <xref href="ad00361_.dita"></xref>.</p><p>For
more information about the components that make up a connection policy,
see <xref href="ad00360_.dita"></xref>.</p><note>When you edit a connection
policy, any changes that are made do not affect existing connections.
Only connections that are made after the policy is edited have the
updated policy applied to them.</note></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>To edit a connection policy, enter the following command:</cmd>
<info><note>The command must be capitalized as shown, and must use
the double quotation marks as shown.</note><p><codeph><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> update
ConnectionPolicy "Name=<varname>connPolicyName</varname>" "Description=<varname>description</varname>"
"ClientID=<varname>ClientID</varname>" "ClientAddress=<varname>IP_Address</varname>"
"UserID=<varname>UserID</varname>" "GroupID=<varname>groupName</varname>"
"CommonNames=<varname>certificateCommonNames</varname>" "Protocol=<varname>protocols</varname>"
"AllowDurable=True|False" "AllowPersistentMessages=True|False"</codeph></p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>connPolicyName</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the connection policy you want to edit.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>description</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies a description for the connection policy.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>ClientID</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the client ID that is allowed to connect to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.</dd>
<dd>You can use an asterisk (*) at the end of the value to match 0
or more characters.</dd>
<dd>You can use variable substitution in the client ID to ensure that
only clients with a client ID that matches the user ID or the certificate
common name, can connect. The variable for user IDs is <codeph>${UserID}</codeph>.
The variable for certificate common name is <codeph>${CommonName}</codeph>.
You can specify extra  characters along with the variable. For example,
you can specify that the client ID must match <codeph>myClient/${UserID}</codeph>.
In this case, a client with the user ID <codeph>userA</codeph> and
the client ID <codeph>myClient/userA</codeph> can connect. A client
with the user ID <codeph>userB</codeph> and the client ID <codeph>myClient/userB</codeph> can
connect. However, a client with the user ID <codeph>userB</codeph>,
but the client ID <codeph>notMyClient</codeph>, cannot connect.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>IP_Address</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the client IP addresses that are allowed to connect
to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.</dd>
<dd>The IP address can contain an asterisk (*), or a comma-separated
list of IPv4 or IPv6 addresses or ranges. For example, 192.0.2.32,
192.0.0.0, 192.0.2.0-192.0.2.100. The range must be specified from
low to high.</dd>
<dd>IPv6 addresses must be enclosed in brackets <codeph>[ ]</codeph>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>UserID</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the messaging user ID that is allowed to connect to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.</dd>
<dd>You can use an asterisk (*) at the end of the value to match 0
or more characters.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>groupName</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the messaging group that is allowed to connect to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.</dd>
<dd>You can use an asterisk (*) at the end of the value to match 0
or more characters.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>certificateCommonNames</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the client certificate common name that must be used
to connect to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.</dd>
<dd>You can use an asterisk (*) at the end of the value to match 0
or more characters.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>protocols</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies which protocols are allowed to connect to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.</dd>
<dd>You can choose from JMS and MQTT protocols.<!--by default. If there are any protocol plug-ins installed on the server, <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> you can specify
these as well.--></dd>
<dd>To specify more than one value, separate each value with a comma.</dd>
<!--<dd>You can use the value <codeph>All</codeph> to specify all available
protocols.</dd>-->
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>AllowDurable=True|False</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies whether MQTT clients can connect using a setting of <codeph>cleanSession=0</codeph> (True)
or not (False).</dd>
<dd>The default value is True.</dd>
<dd>This value is applied only when the protocol that is being used
is MQTT.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>AllowPersistentMessages=True|False</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies whether MQTT clients can publish messages with a QoS
of 1 or 2 (True) or not (False).</dd>
<dd>The default value is True.</dd>
<dd>This value is applied only when the protocol that is being used
is MQTT.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
</ul><?Pub Caret -1?></info></step>
</steps>
<example>The following example shows editing a connection policy that
is called <codeph>connPol</codeph>. The policy is updated to allow
only MQTT applications to connect:<screen><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> update ConnectionPolicy "Name=connPol" "Protocol=MQTT"
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></screen></example>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00324_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00363_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00364_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00360_.dita"></link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000006730?>
