<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="ad00103_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge">ad00103_</ph> and
high availability</title>
<shortdesc>When <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> is
set up in a highly available configuration, no further setup is required
for connections to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph>.
When <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> is set
up in a highly available configuration with multi-instance queue managers,
you must configure <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> to
use the queue managers.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> multi-instance
queue managers are highly available queue managers. If one instance
of a multi-instance queue manager fails, another instance of the same
queue manager starts automatically on another host. For more information
about multi-instance queue managers, see <xref
href="http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSFKSJ_7.5.0/com.ibm.mq.con.doc/q018140_.htm"
scope="external" type="html">Multi-instance queue managers</xref> in
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> documentation.</p><?Pub
Caret 271?>
<p>You can use <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> with
multi-instance queue managers. When you create a queue manager connection,
you can specify a comma-separated list of connection names. Each connection
name specifies a host of the multi-instance queue manager. When a
queue manager switches host, <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> re-creates the
connection to the queue manager on the new host. </p>
<p>For more information about how to configure queue manager connections,
see <xref href="ad00113_.dita"></xref>.</p>
</conbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00102_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00101_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00091_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00113_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00110_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00111_.dita" otherprops="NOTbeta"></link>
</related-links>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000002323?>
