<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="ad00420_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring automatic log transfers</title><?Pub Caret -1?>
<shortdesc>You can configure automatic log transfers. When a log file is rotated, the automatic log
transfer copies the newly archived file to the destination specified in the automatic log transfer
configuration. This copy of the log file is in addition to the copy of the log file that is stored
on the server as an archived log file. </shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>All <codeph>imaserver-*.log</codeph> files are copied to the specified destination when automatic
log transfer is enabled. The <codeph>webui-messages*.log</codeph> files are not copied. </p>
<p>You can configure the automatic log transfers to transfer the log files by using FTP or by using
SSH. When a log file is copied to the remote system, the file is compressed. The file is renamed to
include the node name and a time stamp that indicates when the file was created. For example, the
<codeph>imaserver-security.log</codeph> is copied to the remote system as
<codeph>imaserver-security_node01_20140216_060500.log.gz</codeph>.</p>
<p>If the automatic log transfer fails for any reason, log files remain on the appliance and are
transferred when the connection is available. If the connection is unavailable, and the space that
is used by the log files that are waiting to be transferred exceeds 10 GB, the oldest log file is
deleted. Deleting the oldest log file creates space to store a new log file when it is ready to be
transferred.</p>
<p>Even if the automatic log transfers are enabled, the archived log files are stored on the server
according to the log file rotation settings. Therefore, the most recently archived log files can be
viewed from the remote system, or from the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
server.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000000934?>
