<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<task id="ad00949_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Enabling cluster membership of <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> servers in a
high availability pair</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>You can enable cluster membership of <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> servers in a
high availability (HA) pair by using the  <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>.</shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<taskbody>
<context> <p>System administrators can enable cluster membership of <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> servers in an
HA pair by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>, or by using <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"></ph>. For more
information about using <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"></ph> to enable
cluster membership of servers in an HA pair, see <xref
href="ad00947_.dita"></xref>.</p> <p>In this scenario, Server A is
the primary node and Server B is the standby node in the HA pair.</p> </context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Configure cluster membership values that relate to addresses
and ports on Server B. Do not enable cluster membership on Server
B.</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Ensure that you are managing Server B. In the <uicontrol>Cluster</uicontrol> menu,
select <uicontrol>Join/Leave</uicontrol></cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> in the <uicontrol>Configuration</uicontrol> panel.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Specify the cluster configuration: </cmd><info> <ol>
<li>Type the control address of Server B into the <uicontrol>Control
Address</uicontrol> field.</li>
<li>Ensure that the other cluster membership configuration parameters
that are necessary for Server A and B to identify and connect to the
other members of the cluster are set, for example, if Server A is
using external addresses or ports. For more information about the
parameters that you can set to configure cluster membership on a server,
see <xref href="ad00940_.dita"></xref>.</li>
</ol> </info></substep>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol></cmd></substep>
</substeps>
<info> <note> <p>You cannot update the values for the following fields
on a Standby server:</p> <ul>
<li><uicontrol>Cluster Name</uicontrol></li>
<li><uicontrol>Cluster Membership</uicontrol></li>
<li><uicontrol>Discovery Server List</uicontrol></li>
</ul> </note> </info></step>
<step><cmd>Configure and enable cluster membership on Server A. </cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Ensure that you are managing Server A. In the <uicontrol>Cluster</uicontrol> menu,
select <uicontrol>Join/Leave</uicontrol></cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> in the <uicontrol>Configuration</uicontrol> panel.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Specify the cluster configuration: </cmd><info> <ol>
<li>Type the name of the cluster that Server A is to join in the <uicontrol>Cluster
Name</uicontrol> field. This must be the same name as the name of
the cluster that you specified for Server B to join.</li>
<li>Type the control address of Server A into the <uicontrol>Control
Address</uicontrol> field.</li>
<li>Ensure that the other cluster membership configuration parameters
that are necessary for Server A and B to identify and connect to the
other members of the cluster are set, for example, if Server B is
using external addresses or ports. For more information about the
parameters that you can set to configure cluster membership on a server,
see <xref href="ad00940_.dita"></xref>.</li>
</ol> </info></substep>
<substep><cmd>Select the <uicontrol>Enabled</uicontrol> check box.</cmd>
</substep><?Pub Caret 28?>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol></cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Restart later</uicontrol></cmd></substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step id="restartboth"><cmd>Restart both servers.</cmd><info>Restart
Server B first.</info>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Ensure that you are managing Server B. In the <uicontrol>Server</uicontrol> menu,
select <uicontrol>Server Control</uicontrol></cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Restart the server</uicontrol>, and
then click <uicontrol>Restart</uicontrol></cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Switch to managing Server A. In the <uicontrol>Server</uicontrol> menu,
select <uicontrol>Server Control</uicontrol></cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Restart the server</uicontrol>, and
then click <uicontrol>Restart</uicontrol></cmd></substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step><cmd>After your servers have restarted, verify the status of
your servers.</cmd><info>If either server is in maintenance mode,
repeat step <xref format="dita" href="ad00949_.dita#ad00949_/restartboth"
scope="local" type="step"></xref>.</info>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>On Server A, check the <uicontrol>Status</uicontrol> drop-down
list and verify that the status displays the values <uicontrol>High
Availability: Primary node</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Cluster: Active</uicontrol></cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Cluster</uicontrol> menu, click <uicontrol>Status</uicontrol></cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Cluster Status Data</uicontrol> pane,
ensure that the other members of the cluster are visible in the table. </cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>On Server B, check the <uicontrol>Status</uicontrol> drop-down
list and verify that the status displays the values <uicontrol>High
Availability: Standby node</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Cluster: Standby</uicontrol></cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000006421?>
