<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00314_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Editing an <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging
user by using the command line</title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can edit <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging users
by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>user
edit</cmdname> command on the command line.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context>You can edit an <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging user
by using the command line, or by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>. For more
information about using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> to edit an <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging user,
see <xref href="ad00311_.dita"></xref>.<p>For more information about
the components you must specify to edit an <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging user,
including naming restrictions, see <xref href="ad00310_.dita"></xref>.</p><note>The
commands must be capitalized as shown, and must use the double quotation
marks as shown.</note></context>
<steps-unordered>
<step><cmd>To edit the password or description of a messaging user,
enter the following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> user edit
"UserID=<varname>UserID</varname>" "Type=Messaging" "Password=<varname>password</varname>"
"Description=<varname>description</varname>"</codeph></p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>UserID</dt>
<dd>Specifies the user ID of the messaging user to edit.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>password</dt>
<dd>Specifies the password for the messaging user.</dd>
<dd>The password cannot contain leading or trailing spaces.</dd>
<dd>To use a double quotation mark in the password, you must escape
it with a double quotation mark. That is, you must precede the double
quotation mark with another double quotation mark. For example, For
a password of <codeph>pass"word</codeph>, enter <codeph>"Password=pass""word"</codeph></dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>description</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies a description for the user.</dd>
<dd>If you do not want a description, omit <codeph>"Description=<varname>description</varname>"</codeph> from
the command.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></info></step>
<step><cmd>To remove a messaging user from a particular group, enter
the following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> user edit
"UserID=<varname>UserID</varname>" "Type=Messaging" "RemoveGroupMembership=<varname>GroupID</varname>"</codeph></p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>UserID</dt>
<dd>Specifies the user ID of the messaging user to remove from a group.</dd>
</dlentry></dl><?Pub Caret 76?></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>GroupID</dt>
<dd>Specifies the group membership for the messaging user. The group
must exist.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></info></step>
<step><cmd>To add a messaging user to a particular group, enter the
following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> user edit
"UserID=<varname>UserID</varname>" "Type=Messaging" "AddGroupMembership=<varname>GroupID</varname>"</codeph></p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>UserID</dt>
<dd>Specifies the user ID of the messaging user to add to a group.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>GroupID</dt>
<dd>Specifies the group membership for the messaging user. The group
must exist.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></info></step>
</steps-unordered>
<example>The following example shows the editing of user <codeph>TEST</codeph> to
change the password to <codeph>newPassword</codeph>.<screen><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> user edit "UserID=TEST" "Type=Messaging" "Password=newPassword"
The user has been edited successfully.
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></screen>The
following example shows the editing of user <codeph>TEST</codeph> to
add the user to group <codeph>newTestGroup</codeph>:<screen><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> user edit "UserID=TEST" "Type=Messaging" "AddGroupMembership=newTestGroup"
The user has been edited successfully.
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></screen>The
following example shows the editing of user <codeph>TEST</codeph> to
remove the user from group <codeph>testGroup</codeph>:<screen><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> user edit "UserID=TEST" "Type=Messaging" "RemoveGroupMembership=testGroup"
The user has been edited successfully.
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph>
</screen></example>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00310_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00312_.dita"></link>
<link format="dita" href="../Security/se00002_.dita" scope="local"
type="concept"></link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000005468?>
