<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="ad00740_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring security profiles</title>
<shortdesc>A security profile is used by an endpoint to define authentication and Transport Layer Security (TLS) settings for that endpoint. To enable TLS for the endpoint, you must enable TLS in the security profile and the security profile must have an associated certificate profile that defines the server certificate that is used to control TLS. To create a security profile with TLS enabled, you must create the certificate profile before you create the security profile. You can configure security profiles either by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> or by using <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>You can configure the security profile to ensure that you comply
with the NIST 800-131a requirements. For more information, see <xref
href="../Security/se00017_.dita"></xref>. For more information about
security profiles and certificate profiles, see <xref format="dita"
href="../Security/se00005_.dita" scope="local"></xref>.</p>
<p>When you create a security profile, you must specify the following
property:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Name</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name that identifies the security profile.</dd>
<dd><p>The name can be a maximum of 32 alphanumeric characters. The
first character must not be a number.</p></dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></p>
<p>You can also specify the following TLS properties. For more information
about TLS, see <xref format="dita" href="../Security/se00005_.dita"
scope="local" type="concept"></xref>.<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>TLSEnabled</dt>
<dd>Specifies whether TLS is enabled on the endpoints that use the security profile. TLS is enabled by default.</dd>
<dd>If you specify that TLS is enabled, you must first create a certificate
profile to use with the security profile.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>CertificateProfile</dt>
<dd>Specifies an existing certificate profile to use with the security profile. You must specify a certificate profile if TLS is enabled in the security profile. The certificate profile is not used if TLS is disabled in the security profile.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>MinimumProtocolMethod</dt>
<dd>Specifies the lowest level of protocol that is allowed when a
client connects to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.</dd>
<dd>You can choose from the following levels:<ul>
<li>TLS v1.0</li>
<li>TLS v1.1</li>
<li>TLS v1.2</li>
</ul></dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Ciphers</dt>
<dd>Specifies the encryption algorithm that is used by the security
policy.</dd>
<dd>You can choose from the following ciphers:<ul>
<li><codeph>Best</codeph>: The most secure cipher that is supported
by the server and the client.</li>
<li><codeph>Fast</codeph>: The fastest high security cipher that is
supported by the server and the client.</li>
<li><codeph>Medium</codeph>: The fastest medium or high security cipher
that is supported by server and the client.</li>
</ul></dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>UseClientCipher</dt>
<dd>Specifies whether the client can determine the cipher use when
it connects to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.
Only the ciphers that are supported by both client and server can
be chosen. If <codeph>Use Client Ciphers</codeph> is specified, then
the client selects the cipher that is used to connect to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>. If <codeph>Use
Client Ciphers</codeph> is not specified, then the server selects
the cipher.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
    <li>
     <dl>
      <dlentry>
       <dt>UseClientCertificate</dt>
       <dd>Specifies whether to use (true) or not use (false) client certificate
        authentication.</dd>
       <dd>This value can be true or false. </dd>
       <dd>If you are using a certificate revocation list you must set this value to true. </dd>
      </dlentry>
     </dl>
    </li>
</ul></p>
<p>You can also specify the following authentication properties:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>UsePasswordAuthentication</dt>
<dd>Specifies whether the client must have a valid user ID and password
when it connects to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>LTPAProfile</dt>
<dd>Specifies an existing LTPA profile to use with the security profile.</dd>
<dd>If you specify an LTPA profile, password authentication is automatically
enabled.</dd>
<dd>If you specify an LTPA profile, you cannot specify an OAuth profile
in the same security profile.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li><?Pub Caret -2?>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>OAuthProfile</dt>
<dd>Specifies an existing OAuth profile to use with the security profile.</dd>
<dd>If you specify an OAuth profile, password authentication is automatically
enabled.</dd>
<dd>If you specify an OAuth profile, you cannot specify an LTPA profile
in the same security profile.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
</ul></p>
<p>For more information about configuring security profiles by using
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>, see <xref
href="ad00741_.dita"></xref>.</p>
<p>For more information about configuring security profiles by using <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>, see <xref href="ad00743_.dita"/>.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000005655?>
