<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00753_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Closing client connections</title>
<shortdesc>You can close client connections by using a <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPI"/>. You can specify one
    or more attributes to identify the connections to close. The attributes that you can specify are
    the client ID, the client IP address, and the user ID of the client.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
  <context>
   <p>If the object configuration parameter that is specified in the <ph
          conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPI"/> applies to more
        than one client connection, all applicable client connections are closed. Therefore, ensure
        that you specify a parameter that does not apply to more client connections than the ones
        you want to close.</p>
   <p>Do not use this command unless you are certain that the connection needs to be closed.
    Unnecessarily closing connections can affect performance.</p>
  </context>
  <steps-unordered>
   <step>
    <cmd>To close client connections, use the <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API POST method with
     the following <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
     configuration URI:</cmd>
    <info>
     <codeblock>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/service/close/connection</codeblock>
    </info>
   </step>
   <step>
    <cmd>Provide object configuration data in the payload of the POST method by using the following
     schema. Content-type is set to application/json: </cmd>
    <info><codeblock>
{ 
    "ClientID":"string", 
    "ClientAddress":"string",
    "UserID":"string" 
}</codeblock>Where:<dl>
            <dlentry>
              <dt><varname>ClientID</varname></dt>
              <dd>Specifies the client ID of the connection, or connections, that you want to
                close.</dd>
            </dlentry>
            <dlentry>
              <dt><varname>ClientAddress</varname></dt>
              <dd>Specifies the IP address of the connection, or connections, that you want to
                close.</dd>
            </dlentry>
            <dlentry>
              <dt><varname>UserID</varname></dt>
              <dd>Specifies the user ID of the connection, or connections, that you want to
                close.</dd>
            </dlentry>
          </dl><note>You must specify at least one of the object configuration data parameters. The
            use of wildcard characters is permitted. You can specify more than one value by using a
            comma separated list.</note></info>
   </step>
  </steps-unordered>
    <example>
      <p>The following example shows the POST method to close all connections with Client ID
          <codeph>Client38104</codeph> or Client ID  <codeph>Client38105</codeph> by using cURL:</p>
      <codeblock>
curl -X POST \
   -H 'Content-Type: application/json'  \
   -d ' { 
         "ClientID":"Client38104,Client38105"
        }
 '  \
http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/service/close/connection</codeblock>
      <p>The following shows an example response to the POST method:</p>
      <codeblock>
{ 
   "Version":"v1",
   "Code":"CWLNA6137",
   "Message":"The specified connections were closed. Number of connections closed = 2" 
}</codeblock>
    </example>
    <postreq>
      <p>Verify that all the connections are closed, by re-issuing the same REST API POST method
        that you used in the previous
        example:<codeblock>
curl -X POST  \    
   -H 'Content-Type: application/json'  \    
   -d '  {
         "ClientID":"Client38104,Client38205"
         }
      ' \ 
http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/service/close/connection </codeblock>The
        following example response to the re-issued POST command is expected:
        <codeblock>
{ 
   "Version":"v1",
   "Code":"CWLNA6136",
   "Message":"The specified connection was not closed. The specified connection cannot be found." 
}</codeblock></p>
    </postreq>
 </taskbody><?Pub Caret -2?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000000334?>
