<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00304_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Editing an appliance user by using the command line</title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can edit appliance users by using
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>user
edit</cmdname> command on the command line.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context>You can edit an appliance user by using the command line,
or by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>.
For more information about using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> to edit an
appliance user, see <xref href="ad00301_.dita"></xref>.<p>For more
information about the components you must specify to edit an appliance
user, including naming restrictions, see <xref href="ad00300_.dita"></xref>.</p><note>The
commands must be capitalized as shown, and must use the double quotation
marks as shown.</note></context>
<steps-unordered>
<step><cmd>To edit the password or description of an appliance user,
enter the following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> user edit
"UserID=<varname>UserID</varname>" "Type=WebUI" "Password=<varname>password</varname>"
"Description=<varname>description</varname>"</codeph></p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>UserID</dt>
<dd>Specifies the user ID of the appliance user to edit.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>password</dt>
<dd>Specifies the password for the appliance user.</dd>
<dd><note>In a high availability environment, if you update the password
on the primary node then you must manually update the password on
the standby node. The password is not automatically replicated between
the nodes. </note></dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>description</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies a description for the user.</dd>
<dd>If you do not want a description, omit <codeph>"Description=<varname>description</varname>"</codeph> from
the command.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></info></step>
<step><cmd>To remove an appliance user from a particular group, enter
the following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> user edit
"UserID=<varname>UserID</varname>" "Type=WebUI" "RemoveGroupMembership=<varname>GroupID</varname>"</codeph></p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>UserID</dt>
<dd>Specifies the user ID of the appliance user to remove from a group.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>GroupID</dt>
<dd>Specifies the group membership for the appliance user.</dd>
<dd>The group must be one of the following values:<ul>
<li><parmname>SystemAdministrators</parmname></li>
<li><parmname>MessagingAdministrators</parmname></li>
<li><parmname>Users</parmname></li>
</ul></dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></info></step>
<step><cmd>To add an appliance user to a particular group, enter the
following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> user edit
"UserID=<varname>UserID</varname>" "Type=WebUI" "AddGroupMembership=<varname>GroupID</varname>"</codeph></p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>UserID</dt>
<dd>Specifies the user ID of the appliance user to add to a group.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>GroupID</dt>
<dd>Specifies the group membership for the appliance user.</dd>
<dd>The group must be one of the following values:<ul>
<li><parmname>SystemAdministrators</parmname></li>
<li><parmname>MessagingAdministrators</parmname></li>
<li><parmname>Users</parmname></li>
</ul></dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></info></step>
</steps-unordered>
<example>The following example shows the editing of user <codeph>TEST</codeph> to
change the password to <codeph>newPassword</codeph>.<screen><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> user edit "UserID=TEST" "Type=WebUI" "Password=newPassword"
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></screen>The
following example shows the editing of user <codeph>TEST</codeph> to
add the user to group <codeph>MessagingAdministrators</codeph>.<screen><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> user edit "UserID=TEST" "Type=WebUI" "AddGroupMembership=MessagingAdministrators"
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></screen><?Pub
Caret 149?></example>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00300_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00302_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00200_.dita"></link>
<link format="dita" href="../Security/se00001_.dita" scope="local"
type="concept"></link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000005058?>
