<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00318_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Editing an <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging
group by using the command line</title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can edit <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging groups
by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>group
edit</cmdname> command on the command line.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context>You can edit an <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging group
by using the command line, or by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>. For more
information about using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> to edit an <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging group,
see <xref href="ad00311_.dita"></xref>.<note>The commands must be
capitalized as shown, and must use the double quotation marks as shown.</note></context>
<steps-unordered>
<step><cmd>To edit the description of an <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging group,
enter the following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> group edit
"GroupID=<varname>GroupID</varname>" "Type=Messaging" "Description=<varname>description</varname>"</codeph></p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>GroupID</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the messaging group to edit.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>description</dt>
<dd>Specifies a description for the group.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></info></step>
<step><cmd>To add an <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging
group as a member of another <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging group,
enter the following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> group edit
"GroupID=<varname>GroupID</varname>" "Type=Messaging" "AddGroupMembership=<varname>group</varname>"</codeph></p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>GroupID</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the messaging group to add as a member of
another messaging group.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>group</dt>
<dd>Specifies the messaging group that <varname>GroupID</varname> is
to be added to. The messaging group must exist. For more information
about creating a messaging group by using the command line, see <xref
href="ad00317_.dita"></xref>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></info></step>
<step><cmd>To remove an <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging group
from another <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging
group, enter the following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> group edit
"GroupID=<varname>GroupID</varname>" "Type=Messaging" "RemoveGroupMembership=<varname>group</varname>"</codeph></p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>GroupID</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the messaging group to remove from another
messaging group.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>group</dt>
<dd>Specifies the messaging group that <varname>GroupID</varname> is
to be removed from.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></info></step>
</steps-unordered>
<example>The following example shows editing the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging group <codeph>TESTGROUP</codeph> to
add a description:<screen><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> group edit "GroupID=TESTGROUP" "Type=Messaging" "Description=The test group"
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></screen>The
following example shows adding the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging group <codeph>TESTGROUP</codeph> to
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging
group <codeph>PARENTGROUP</codeph>:<screen><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> group edit "GroupID=TESTGROUP" "Type=Messaging" "AddGroupMembership=PARENTGROUP"
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></screen>The
following example shows removing the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging group <codeph>TESTGROUP</codeph> from
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging
group <codeph>PARENTGROUP</codeph>:<screen><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> group edit "GroupID=TESTGROUP" "Type=Messaging" "RemoveGroupMembership=PARENTGROUP"
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></screen><?Pub
Caret 151?></example>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00310_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00312_.dita"></link>
<link format="dita" href="../Security/se00002_.dita" scope="local"
type="concept"></link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000005484?>
