<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00502_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring the SSH host address by using the command line</title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can set and retrieve information
about the IP address or addresses that must be used to connect to
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> appliance
over SSH by using the command line.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq><p>Relevant network interfaces must be enabled before you set the SSH host IP address. The IP
address of a network interface that is enabled after the SSH host IP address is set, is not
displayed when the <codeph>sshhost status</codeph> command is run.</p></prereq>
<context>You can set and retrieve information about the SSH host IP
address by using the command line, or by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>. For more
information about using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> to set and
retrieve information about the SSH host IP address, see <xref
format="dita" href="ad00501_.dita" scope="local" type="task">Setting
and retrieving the SSH host address by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph></xref>.<note>The
commands must be capitalized as shown, and must use the double quotation
marks as shown.</note></context>
<steps-unordered>
<step><cmd>To set the SSH host IP address, enter the following command:</cmd>
<info><p><codeph>imaserver set "SSHHost=<varname>IPAddress</varname>"</codeph> where <dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>IPAddress</dt>
<dd>Specifies the IP address that you want to use for connections
to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> appliance
over SSH. The IP address that is specified must be a valid address
that is configured on the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> appliance.<ul>
<li><p>If you want to connect over SSH to more than one IP address,
you can enter multiple host addresses in a comma-separated list.</p></li>
<li><p>If you want to connect over SSH to any of the IP addresses
that are configured on the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> appliance,
set <parmname>SSHHost</parmname> to one of the following values: <ul>
<li><userinput>All</userinput></li>
<li><userinput>0.0.0.0</userinput></li>
</ul></p></li>
<li><p>If you want to disable all connections over SSH, set <parmname>SSHHost</parmname> to <userinput>127.0.0.1</userinput>,
which is the IP loopback address.</p></li>
</ul></dd>
</dlentry></dl></p></info></step>
<step><cmd>Enter the following command to view the SSH host IP address
or addresses that can be used to connect to the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> appliance over
SSH.</cmd><info><p><codeph>imaserver get SSHHost</codeph></p><p>If
you set  <parmname>SSHHost</parmname> to <userinput>All</userinput>,
then the value that is returned when you run the <codeph>imaserver
get SSHHost</codeph> command is <userinput>0.0.0.0.</userinput></p></info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Enter the following command to view the SSH host IP addresses
that the SSH service is using.</cmd><info><p><codeph>sshhost status</codeph></p><p>This
value might be different from the value that is returned by the <codeph>imaserver
get SSHHost</codeph>. For example, an IP address that is set to accept
SSH connections might be unavailable because the ethernet interface
is disabled or the ethernet cable is unplugged.</p></info></step>
</steps-unordered>
<example><p>Enter the following command to set the  SSH host IP address
so that connections over SSH are allowed to any IP address that is
configured on the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> appliance. </p><codeblock><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> imaserver set "SSHHost=All"
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></codeblock><p>Enter
the following command to view the IP address that can be used to connect
to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> appliance
over SSH.</p><codeblock><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> imaserver get SSHHost
SSHHost = 0.0.0.0
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></codeblock><p>Enter
the following command to view the IP address that the SSH service
is using.</p><codeblock><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"/> sshhost status
EnabledSSHHost = 192.0.2.0,192.0.2.12
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"/></codeblock><?Pub
Caret -1?></example>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000004892?>
