<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00412_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Bring back the last primary node after the primary and then
the standby node fails by using the command line</title>
<shortdesc>In this scenario, the primary node fails and the standby
node takes over as the new primary node. Before a new backup can be
setup, the new primary node fails. You must restart a new primary
node and set up a new standby node.  System administrators can use
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>HighAvailability</cmdname> commands
on the command line.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq>The two <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> appliances
must be physically connected. For more information about connecting
appliances, see <xref format="dita" href="ad00400_.dita" scope="local"
type="concept">Configuring the system for High Availability</xref>.
The administrative state (AdminState) of the two appliances must also
be enabled. Use the <cmdname>enable ethernet-interface</cmdname> or <cmdname>edit
ethernet-interface</cmdname> command to enable the administrative
state of the appliances.</prereq>
<context><p>You can configure appliances for high availability by
using the command line or by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>. For more
information about using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> to configure
appliances for high availability, see <xref href="ad00411_.dita"></xref>.</p><dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Expectations</dt>
<dd>The content of the store and configuration of Appliance B is preserved.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></context><?Pub Caret -2?>
<steps>
<step><cmd>On Appliance C, enter the following command:</cmd><info><note>The
command must be capitalized as shown.</note><p><codeph><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> update
HighAvailability "EnableHA=True" </codeph> <codeph>"Group=<varname>Group</varname>"</codeph> </p><p>Where:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt><varname>Group</varname></dt>
<dd>Group is used to automatically configure appliances to pair with
each other. </dd>
<dd>This value must match the value on Appliance A.</dd>
<dd>The value can be a maximum of 128 characters.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p></info></step>
<step><cmd>Ensure the high availability parameters on Appliance B
are correct. Use the <cmdname>imaserver show HighAvailability</cmdname> command.</cmd>
<info><codeblock><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> imaserver show HighAvailability
EnableHA = True
StartupMode = AutoDetect
RemoteDiscoveryNIC = 10.10.2.2
LocalReplicationNIC = 10.10.12.6
LocalDiscoveryNIC = 10.10.12.2
DiscoveryTimeout = 600
HeartbeatTimeout = 10
PreferredPrimary = False
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></codeblock></info>
</step>
<step><cmd>If changes are required, use the <cmdname>imaserver update
HighAvailability</cmdname></cmd><info><p><codeph><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> update
HighAvailability [ "EnableHA=True" ]</codeph> <codeph> [ "StartupMode=AutoDetect"
]</codeph> <codeph> [ "PreferredPrimary=True" ]</codeph> <codeph> "RemoteDiscoveryNIC=<varname>remoteDiscIP</varname>"</codeph> <codeph> "LocalDiscoveryNIC=<varname>localDiscIP</varname>"</codeph> <codeph> "LocalReplicationNIC=<varname>localRepIP</varname>"</codeph> <codeph> [
"DiscoveryTimeout=<varname>discTimeout</varname>" ]</codeph> <codeph> [
"HeartbeatTimeout=<varname>hbTimeout</varname><cmdname>" ]</cmdname></codeph></p><note
type="tip">It is recommended, but not required, to set Appliance B
as PreferredPrimary.</note></info></step>
<step><cmd>Clean the store on Appliance C only.</cmd><info><codeblock><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> runmode maintenance
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> stop
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> start
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> runmode clean_store
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> stop
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> start</codeblock></info>
<stepresult>The server will clean the store and will restart automatically
in maintenance mode.</stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>Change Appliance C to production mode.</cmd><info><codeblock><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> runmode production</codeblock></info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Change Appliance B to production mode.</cmd><info><codeblock><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> runmode production</codeblock></info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Stop the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server
for Appliance B.</cmd><info><codeblock>imaserver stop
</codeblock></info></step>
<step><cmd>Restart Appliance B and Appliance C.</cmd><info><codeblock>imaserver start
</codeblock></info></step>
</steps>
<result>When the high availability pair is up and running, use the <cmdname>status
imasever</cmdname> at the command line of each appliance:<ul>
<li>At Appliance
B:<codeblock><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"/> <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"/> status
Status = Running
HARole = PRIMARY
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"/> <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"/> harole
NewRole = PRIMARY
OldRole = STANDBY
ActiveNodes = 2
SyncNodes = 2
ReasonCode = 0
ReasonString =</codeblock></li>
<li>At Appliance
C:<codeblock><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"/> <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"/> status
Status = Standby
HARole = STANDBY
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"/> <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"/> harole
NewRole = STANDBY
OldRole = UNSYNC
ActiveNodes = 2
SyncNodes = 2
ReasonCode = 0
ReasonString =</codeblock></li>
</ul></result>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="../Troubleshooting/tr00013_.dita" scope="local"
type="task"></link>
<link format="dita" href="../Troubleshooting/tr00007_.dita" scope="local"
type="task"></link>
<link format="dita" href="ad00280_.dita" scope="local" type="concept">
</link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000006535?>
