<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00423_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Testing the transfer configuration by using the command line</title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can test the automatic log transfer configuration by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"/>
<cmdname>test LogAutoTransfer</cmdname> command.</shortdesc>
<?Pub Caret 52?>
<taskbody>
<prereq>
<ul>
<li>Ensure that the user ID that you want to test has appropriate permissions on the remote system.
For example, if the destination that is specified is an FTP server, the test attempts to list the
files in the specified directory on the server. If the user ID provided does not have list
permission, the test fails. </li>
</ul>
</prereq>
<steps-unordered>
<step>
<cmd>To test an automatic log transfer configuration, enter the following command:</cmd>
<info>
<note>The command must be capitalized as shown, and must use the double quotation marks as
shown.</note>
<p><codeph><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"/> test LogAutoTransfer
"Destination=<varname>destination</varname>" "Port=<varname>port</varname>"
"UserID=<varname>user</varname>" "Password=<varname>password</varname>"</codeph></p>
<p>Where:<ul>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>destination</dt>
<dd>Specifies the URL to use to connect to the remote system. </dd>
<dd>The protocol can be either FTP or SSH. </dd>
<dd>The URL must include the protocol to use to connect to the remote system. That is,
<filepath>ftp://</filepath> for FTP, or <filepath>scp://</filepath> for SSH.  </dd>
<dd>The URL cannot include the user ID.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>port</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the port to use to connect to the remote system.</dd>
<dd>The default value for FTP is 21. The default value for SSH is 22.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>user</dt>
<dd>Specifies the user ID to test for logging on to the remote system.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>password</dt>
<dd>Specifies the password to test for logging on to the remote system.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
</ul></p>
</info>
</step>
</steps-unordered>
<example>The following example shows a test of the provided details for an automatic log transfer
configuration:<codeblock><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"/> <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"/> test LogAutoTransfer "Destination=ftp://192.0.2.10" "UserID=user1" "Password=Password"
Log auto transfer test succeeded.
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"/></codeblock></example>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00420_.dita"/>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000000921?>
