<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="ad00000_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Administering</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>Administration tasks can be completed by system administrators
or messaging administrators by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>, or by using
the command line.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<note>If you are administering a pair of appliances that are configured
for high availability, do not make administrative or configuration
changes during the synchronization period that occurs after a member
of an HA pair is restarted. You can view the progress of the synchronization
by using the <cmdname>imaserver status</cmdname> command. The <codeph>SyncProgress</codeph> value
indicates the percentage complete.</note>
<section><title>Administering by using the web UI</title><p>You can
connect to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> by
using a web browser. For more information about how you can connect
to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>,
see <xref href="ad00199_.dita"></xref>.</p></section>
<section><title>Administering by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"
    /></title><p><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> has a REST (REpresentational
    State Transfer) interface and provides <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>
    which you can use to administer and monitor your system. </p><p> To run a <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPI"/>, call a method on a REST resource and pass
    parameters or a request in JSON format. The methods that the <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/> use are POST, GET, and DELETE:<ul>
     <li>The POST method creates or updates a configuration object.</li>
     <li>The GET method retrieves data about a configuration object.</li>
     <li>The DELETE method deletes a configuration object.</li>
    </ul></p>You can write scripts or use the Linux program <b>cURL</b> to run the <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>. Combine a REST URI with the REST method
   to be used and the data to be passed to create the REST request. </section>
<section><title>Administering by using the command line</title><p>You
can connect to the command-line interface by establishing a connection
with the appliance. You can connect through a direct connection with
the appliance. Alternatively, you can connect remotely by using a
Secure Shell (SSH) client. You must log in with the administrator
user name <codeph>admin</codeph>.</p><p>The following example shows an SSH connection to the command-line interface:<screen># ssh admin@appliance.example.com
Password: 
Last login: Thu May  2 04:53:42 CDT 2013 from 192.0.2.0 on pts/0
Welcome to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
5725-F96
Copyright 2012, 2013 IBM Corp. Licensed Materials - Property of IBM.
IBM and <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/MessageSight"/> are trademarks or registered trademarks of IBM, registered in many jurisdictions worldwide.  
Other product and service names might be trademarks of IBM or other companies.
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"/></screen></p></section>
</conbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="../Reference/intro.dita" scope="local"
type="reference"></link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1413223989 0?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000002436?>
