<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="ad00390_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring the administration endpoint</title>
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>You can configure the administration (admin) endpoint either by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> or by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPI"/>. </shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>The admin endpoint allows you to administer and monitor <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>. You can use configuration policies to define which users can perform which administrative and monitoring operations. When you configure the admin endpoint, you can specify the following components:<ul>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>IP Address</dt>
<dd>The IP address that the admin endpoint listens on.</dd>
<dd>The default value is All.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Port</dt>
<dd>The port number that the admin endpoint listens on.</dd>
<dd>This value must be in the range 1-65535.</dd>
<dd>The default value is 9089.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Security Profile</dt>
<dd>The security profile that the admin endpoint uses.</dd>
<dd>Ensure that the security profile already exists.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Configuration Policies</dt>
<dd> </dd>
<dd>The configuration policies that are applied to the admin endpoint.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
</ul></p>
<p>You can also change the admin superuser ID and password.</p>
<section>
<title>Configuration policies</title>
<p>Configuration policies define the administrative and monitoring tasks that can be performed by a user, or by a group of users. </p>
<p>When you create a configuration policy, you must specify the following components:<ul>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Name</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name that identifies the configuration policy.</dd>
<dd>The name must not have leading or trailing spaces and cannot contain control characters, commas, double quotation marks, backslashes, or equal signs. The first character must not be a number or any of the following special characters: <p><codeph>! # $ % &amp; ' ( ) * + - . / : ; &lt; > ? @</codeph></p></dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Authority</dt>
<dd>Specifies the level of authority that is granted to the user, or users, authorized by the configuration policy to perform administrative or monitoring tasks. You must specify at least one of the following levels of authority:<ul>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Configure</dt>
<dd>Grants authority to modify the server configuration.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>View</dt>
<dd>Grants authority to view the server configuration and status..</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Monitor</dt>
<dd>Grants authority to view monitoring data.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Manage</dt>
<dd>Grants authority to issue service requests, such as restarting the server</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
</ul></dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<?Pub Caret -1?>
</ul></p>
<p>You must also specify at least one of the following filters:<ul>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>User ID</dt>
<dd>Specifies the user ID that is granted the administrative and monitoring authorities that are specified in the configuration policy. </dd>
<dd>You can use an asterisk (*) at the end of the value to match 0 or more characters.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Group ID</dt>
<dd>Specifies the group of users that is granted the administrative and monitoring authorities that are specified in the configuration policy. </dd>
<dd>You can use an asterisk (*) at the end of the value to match 0 or more characters.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Client IP address</dt>
<dd>Specifies the client IP addresses that are granted the administrative and monitoring authorities that are specified in the configuration policy.</dd>
<dd>The IP address can contain an asterisk (*), or a comma-separated list of IPv4 or IPv6 addresses or ranges. For example, 192.0.2.32, 192.0.0.0, 192.0.2.0-192.0.2.100. The range must be specified from low to high.</dd>
<dd>IPv6 addresses must be enclosed in brackets <codeph>[ ]</codeph>.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Certificate Common Name</dt>
<dd>Specifies the client certificate common name that must be used for a client to be allowed to use the authorities that are specified in the configuration policy. </dd>
<dd>You can use an asterisk (*) at the end of the value to match 0 or more characters.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
</ul></p>
<p>For more information about configuring the admin endpoint by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>, see <xref href="ad00391_.dita"/>.</p>
<p>For more information about configuring the admin endpoint by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPI"/>, see <xref href="ad00392_.dita"/>.</p>
</section>
</conbody>
</concept>
