<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00317_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Creating an <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging
group by using the command line</title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can create <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging groups
by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>group
add</cmdname> command on the command line.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context>You can create an <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging group
by using the command line, or by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>. For more
information about using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> to create
an <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging
group, see <xref href="ad00311_.dita"></xref>.<p>For more information
about the components you must specify to create an <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging group,
including naming restrictions, see <xref href="ad00310_.dita"></xref>.</p></context>
<steps-unordered>
<step><cmd>To create an <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging group,
enter the following command:</cmd><info><note>The command must be
capitalized as shown, and must use the double quotation marks as shown.</note><p><codeph><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> group add
"GroupID=<varname>GroupID</varname>" "GroupMembership=<varname>group</varname>"
"Description=<varname>description</varname>"</codeph></p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>GroupID</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name for the messaging group.</dd>
<dd>The name cannot contain leading or trailing spaces. The name is
not case sensitive.</dd>
<dd>To use a double quotation mark in the Group ID, you must escape
it with a double quotation mark. That is, you must precede the double
quotation mark with another double quotation mark. For example, For
a Group ID of <codeph>Group"ID</codeph>, enter <codeph>"GroupID=Group""ID"</codeph></dd>
<dd>After the group is created, the Group ID cannot be changed.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>group</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the messaging group that the new messaging group is
a member of. The messaging group must exist. For more information
about creating a messaging group by using the command line, see <xref
href="ad00317_.dita"></xref>.</dd>
<dd>If you do not want the new messaging group to be part of another
messaging group, omit <codeph>"Group=<varname>group</varname>"</codeph> from
the command.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>description</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies a description for the group.</dd>
<dd>If you do not want a description, omit <codeph>"Description=<varname>description</varname>"</codeph> from
the command.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></info></step>
</steps-unordered>
<example>The following example shows the creation of a group that
is called <codeph>TESTGROUP</codeph>. <codeph>TESTGROUP</codeph> is
not a member of another group, and has no description:<screen><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> group add "GroupID=TESTGROUP"
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></screen><?Pub
Caret 97?></example>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00310_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00312_.dita"></link>
<link format="dita" href="../Security/se00002_.dita" scope="local"
type="concept"></link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003884?>
