<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00378_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Importing and applying a certificate for an LDAP connection by using <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/></title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can import a certificate to use with an LDAP connection by using <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>You can import a certificate for an LDAP connection by using a <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPI"/>, or by using the <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>. When you use the <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
        />, importing the certificate is part of configuring an LDAP connection. For more information about using the <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> to import the certificate, see <xref
        href="ad00372_.dita"/>.</p><p>After
the certificate is applied, it is automatically renamed to <filepath>ldap.pem</filepath>.</p></context>
<steps>
<step id="CopyTheCertificateToTheByEnteringTh">
        <cmd>Import the certificate to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> by using
          the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API PUT method with the
          following <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> file URI:</cmd>
        <info>
          <p><codeph>curl -X PUT -T &lt;FilePath and FileName> http://&lt;admin-endpoint:port>/ima/v1/file/&lt;FileName></codeph></p>
        </info>
      </step>
   <step>
<cmd>Apply the certificate to the LDAP connection by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API POST method.</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep>
<cmd>Use the following <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> configuration URI:</cmd>
<info>
<p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/</codeph></p>
</info>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Provide LDAP object configuration data in the payload of the POST method by using the following schema. <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to <userinput>application/json</userinput>. Ensure that capitalization and double quotation marks are used as shown. </cmd>
<info>
<codeblock>
{    
  "LDAP": {
    "Certificate": "string",
    "Verify": true|false,
    "Overwrite": true|false 
   }
}</codeblock>
<p>Where:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Certificate: </dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the certificate that was imported in step <xref format="dita"
href="ad00378_.dita#ad00378_/CopyTheCertificateToTheByEnteringTh" scope="local" type="step"/>.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Verify: true|false</dt>
<dd>Specifies whether the LDAP connection is tested with the configuration change without committing the configuration change. </dd>
<dd>The default value is false which means that the configuration change is committed without first testing the LDAP connection.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Overwrite: true|false</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies whether any existing LDAP connection certificate is overwritten.</dd>
<dd>The default value is false.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl></p>
<p>New LDAP settings will be used the next time a client or connection is authenticated or authorized.</p>
</info>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
      <step>
        <cmd importance="optional"
          >Test the LDAP connection by ensuring that <parmname>Verify</parmname> is set to <userinput>true</userinput>. </cmd>
      </step>
</steps>
<example><p>The following example shows importing a file called <codeph>ldap.pem</codeph> from the local machine to a staging directory and applying the LDAP certificate on a server: </p><codeblock>curl -X PUT -T /certificates/ldap.pem http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/file/ldap.pem
</codeblock><p>An example response to the PUT method:<codeblock>
       {        
         "Version": "v1",
         "Code": "CWLNA6011",
         "Message": "The requested configuration change has completed successfully."
       }
</codeblock></p>The following example applies the certificate to the LDAP connection by using cURL:<codeblock>
curl -X POST \
   -H 'Content-Type: application/json'  \
   -d  '{
          "LDAP": {   
           "Certificate": "ldap.pem",
           "Overwrite": true          
        }
      }
      '  \
http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/configuration/</codeblock>The following shows an example response to the POST method.<codeblock>
{        
  "Version": "v1",
  "Code": "CWLNA6011",
  "Message": "The requested configuration change has completed successfully."
}
</codeblock><?Pub Caret 243?></example>
<postreq>After you import and apply the LDAP certificate, you can configure the LDAP connection. For more information about configuring the LDAP connection by using <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>, see <xref href="ad00374_.dita"
      />.</postreq>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000004381?>
