<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00117_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring queue manager connections by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph></title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>System administrators and messaging administrators can
configure queue manager connections by using the <uicontrol>MQ Connectivity</uicontrol> page
in the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>You can configure a queue manager connection by using the <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>, or by using the REST Administration APIs.
    For more information about using REST Administration APIs to configure queue manager
    connections, see <xref href="ad00119_.dita"/>.</p><p>For more information about the
components that you must specify when you configure a queue manager
connection, see <xref href="ad00113_.dita"></xref>.</p><note
id="ToChangeTheVisibilityOfTheDataThatI"><p>To change the visibility
of the data that is shown in a table, enter a value into <uicontrol>Filter</uicontrol>.
The filter is applied to all of the pages in the table. You can filter
on columns that contain icons by entering the value that is shown
in the icon hover help into the <uicontrol>Filter</uicontrol> field.
To clear the filter, click <uicontrol>Clear Filter</uicontrol>.</p></note></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Go to the <uicontrol>MQ Connectivity</uicontrol> page in
one of the following ways:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>From the <uicontrol>Home</uicontrol> tab, click <uicontrol>MQ Connectivity</uicontrol> in
the <uicontrol>Configure IBM Watson IoT Platform - Message Gateway to accept connections</uicontrol>
pane.</choice>
<choice>From the <uicontrol>Messaging</uicontrol> menu, click <uicontrol>MQ
Connectivity</uicontrol></choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step><cmd>From the <uicontrol>Queue Manager Connection Properties</uicontrol> pane,
choose an action:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>To add a queue manager connection, click the <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol> icon.</choice>
<choice>To delete a queue manager connection, select the queue manager
connection and click the <uicontrol>Delete</uicontrol> icon.<p>You
can delete a queue manager connection only if all the destination
mapping rules that were using the queue manager connection are deleted.</p></choice>
<choice>To edit a queue manager connection, select the queue manager
connection and click the <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> icon.<p>You can
edit a queue manager connection only if all the destination mapping
rules that are using the queue manager connection are disabled.</p></choice>
</choices>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="ad00102_.dita" scope="local"></link>
<link format="dita" href="ad00110_.dita" scope="local" type="concept">
</link>
<link href="ad00091_.dita"></link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1413224003 0?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003249?>
