<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="ad00392_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring the admin endpoint by using a <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPI"/></title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>System administrators can configure the admin endpoint by using a <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPI"/>.</shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<taskbody>
<context><p>You can configure the admin endpoint by using a <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPI"/>, or by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>. For more information about using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> to configure the admin endpoint, see <xref
href="ad00391_.dita"
/>.</p>For more information about the components that you can specify when you configure the admin endpoint, and the components that you must specify to create a configuration policy to use with the admin endpoint,  including naming restrictions, see <xref
href="ad00390_.dita"/>.</context>
<steps>
<step>
        <cmd>To update the configuration of the admin endpoint, use the <ph
          conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
          /> REST API POST method with the following URI:</cmd>
        <info>
          <p><codeph>https://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/</codeph></p> You
          cannot change the name of the admin endpoint; it is pre-configured as AdminEndpoint. </info>
      </step>
<step>
<cmd>Provide admin endpoint object configuration data in the payload of the POST method by using the following schema. <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to <userinput>application/json</userinput>: </cmd>
<info><codeblock>
     {    
       "AdminEndpoint": {
         "Description": "string",
         "SecurityProfile": "string",
         "Port": "integer",
         "Interface": "string",
         "ConfigurationPolicies": "string"            
        }
      }</codeblock><?Pub Caret 283?>Where:<ul>
            <li>
              <dl>
                <dlentry>
                  <dt>SecurityProfile</dt>
                  <dd>The security profile that the admin endpoint uses.</dd>
                  <dd>Ensure that the security profile already exists.</dd>
                </dlentry>
              </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
              <dl>
                <dlentry>
                  <dt>Port</dt>
                  <dd>The port number that the admin endpoint listens on.</dd>
                  <dd>This value must be in the range 1-65535.</dd>
                  <dd>The default value is 9089.</dd>
                </dlentry>
              </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
              <dl>
                <dlentry>
                  <dt>Interface</dt>
                  <dd>The IP address that the admin endpoint listens on.</dd>
                  <dd>The default value is All.</dd>
                </dlentry>
              </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
              <dl>
                <dlentry>
                  <dt>ConfigurationPolicies</dt>
                  <dd>The configuration policies that are applied to the admin endpoint.</dd>
                  <dd>Ensure that the security profile already exists.</dd>
                </dlentry>
              </dl>
            </li>
          </ul></info>
</step>
</steps>
<example>
<p>The following example shows a POST method to configure the admin endpoint by using cURL:</p>
<codeblock>

       curl -X POST \
         -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
         -d '
             {    
              "AdminEndpoint": {                  
                "SecurityProfile": "secProfile", 
                "Port": "9089",                  
                "Interface": "9.3.179.101",  
                "ConfigurationPolicies": "configProfile"
                }
              }
            ' \
          https://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/
</codeblock>
<p>The following example shows an example response to the POST method:</p>
<codeblock>
       {        
         "Version”: "v1",
         "Code": "CWLNA6011",
         "Message": "The requested configuration change has completed successfully."
       }
</codeblock>
</example>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00390_.dita"/>
<link href="ad00393_.dita"/>
</related-links>
</task>
