<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="ad00625_" xml:lang="en-us">
 <title>Configuring IP settings for network interfaces</title>
 <?Pub Caret -2?>
 <shortdesc>You can configure IP settings for Ethernet interfaces either by using the <ph
   conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> or by using the <cmdname>edit
   ethernet-interface</cmdname> and <cmdname>ip</cmdname> commands on the command line. You can
  configure IP settings for aggregate interfaces by using the <cmdname>edit
   aggregate-interface</cmdname> and <cmdname>ip</cmdname> commands on the command line.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>When you configure the IP address and default gateway of a network interface, you can specify
   the following components:<ul>
    <li>
     <dl>
      <dlentry>
       <dt>IPv4 address</dt>
       <dd>The IPv4 address specifies an IP address, or range, in Classless Inter-Domain Routing
        (CIDR) format. For example, <codeph>192.0.2.0/24</codeph>. See <xref format="dita"
         href="../glossary/glossary.dita#gloss_C/ClasslessInter-DomainRoutingCIDRAMe-8A2335F2"
         scope="local" type="dlentry">Classless Inter-Domain Routing</xref>.</dd>
      </dlentry>
     </dl>
    </li>
    <li>
     <dl>
      <dlentry>
       <dt>IPv4 default gateway</dt>
       <dd>The IPv4 default gateway specifies the IP address, or range, of the default gateway. You
        can enter an IPv4 default gateway only if you specified an IPv4 address.</dd>
      </dlentry>
     </dl>
    </li>
    <li>
     <dl>
      <dlentry>
       <dt>IPv6 address</dt>
       <dd>The IPv6 address specifies an IP address, or range, in Classless Inter-Domain Routing
        (CIDR) format. For example, <codeph>2001:0DB8::/32</codeph>. See <xref format="dita"
         href="../glossary/glossary.dita#gloss_C/ClasslessInter-DomainRoutingCIDRAMe-8A2335F2"
         scope="local" type="dlentry">Classless Inter-Domain Routing</xref>.</dd>
      </dlentry>
     </dl>
    </li>
    <li>
     <dl>
      <dlentry>
       <dt>IPv6 default gateway</dt>
       <dd>The IPv6 default gateway specifies the IP address, or range, of the default gateway. You
        can enter an IPv6 default gateway only if you specified an IPv6 address.</dd>
      </dlentry>
     </dl>
    </li>
   </ul></p>
  <p>
   <note>If you are deploying <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"
    /> on a SoftLayer virtual server or on Amazon EC2, the Ethernet interfaces are pre-configured. The option to configure Ethernet interfaces is not available. </note>
  </p>
  <p>For more information about configuring IP settings for network interfaces by using the command
   line, see <xref href="ad00620_.dita"/>.</p>
  <p>For more information about configuring IP settings for Ethernet interfaces by using the <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>, see <xref href="ad00211_.dita"/>.</p>
  <p>For more information about configuring an Ethernet interface, see <xref href="ad00210_.dita"
   />.</p>
  <p>For more information about configuring an aggregate interface, see <xref href="ad00610_.dita"
   />.</p>
 </conbody>
 <?tm 1413223989 1?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000004696?>
