<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00874_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Testing the LDAP connection by using the command line</title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>System administrators can test the external LDAP connection by using <ph
   conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs">.</ph></shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq>If you want to test a secure LDAP connection, you must specify
a certificate to use with the connection in the command. For more
information about importing a certificate for an LDAP connection,
see <xref href="ad00378_.dita"></xref>.</prereq>
<context>You can test an external LDAP connection by using <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs">.</ph>, or by using the
    <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>. For more information about using the
    <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> to test an external LDAP connection, see
    <xref href="ad00372_.dita"/>.<p>If an LDAP configuration exists, enter the command with no
    parameters to test the existing LDAP connection. You can also enter the command with a new LDAP
    server <parmname>URL</parmname> or a new <parmname>BindPassword</parmname> to test an updated
    configuration. </p><p>If no LDAP configuration exists, enter the command with the LDAP server
     <parmname>URL</parmname>, and optionally the <parmname>BindDN</parmname> and
     <parmname>BindPassword</parmname> parameters.</p></context>
<steps>
   <step>
    <cmd>To test an external LDAP connection, use the <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API POST method with
     the following <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
     configuration URI:</cmd>
    <info>
     <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/</codeph></p>
    </info>
   </step>
<step>
    <cmd>Provide ConnectionPolicy object configuration data in the payload of the POST method by
     using the following schema. <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to
      <userinput>application/json</userinput>. Ensure that capitalization and double quotation marks
     are used as shown. </cmd>
    <info>
     <note> If you want to test a secure LDAP connection, you must specify the LDAP certificate in
      the command.</note>
     <p><codeph><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"/> test LDAP [
        "URL=<varname>url</varname>" ] [ "Certificate=<varname>certName</varname>" ] [
        "BindDN=<varname>bindDNName</varname>" ] [ "BindPassword=<varname>password</varname>"
       ]</codeph></p>
     <p>Where:<ul>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>URL</dt>
          <dd>Optional.</dd>
          <dd>Specifies the URL of the LDAP server.</dd>
          <dd>The URL must be of the form:
             <filepath>ldap://<varname>ipAddress</varname>:<varname>portNumber</varname></filepath>
           or
            <filepath>ldaps://<varname>ipAddress</varname>:<varname>portNumber</varname></filepath></dd>
          <dd>If you use <filepath>ldaps://</filepath>, you must upload a <xref format="dita"
            href="ad00374_.dita#ad00374_/CertificateOptional.SpecifiesTheCAC" scope="local"
            type="dlentry">certificate</xref> before you create the LDAP connection.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>certName</dt>
          <dd>Optional.</dd>
          <dd>Specifies the name of the LDAP certificate.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>bindDNName</dt>
          <dd>Optional.</dd>
          <dd>Specifies the distinguished name to use when you bind to LDAP.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt>password</dt>
          <dd>Optional.</dd>
          <dd>Specifies the password to use when you bind to LDAP</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
      </ul></p>
    </info>
   </step>
</steps>
<example>The following example shows the testing of an existing secure
LDAP server connection with an updated URL and password configuration:<screen><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> imaserver test LDAP "URL=ldap://192.0.2.0:1000"
"Certificate=testLDAP.pem" "BindDN=cn=root" "BindPassword=password"
Test connection succeeded.
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></screen></example>
</taskbody>
<?tm 1384269333 0?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003726?>
