<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="ad00250_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring the server locale, date and time</title>
<shortdesc>You can configure the server locale, date and time either
by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>,
or by using the command line.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>You can configure the server locale and timezone by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>, or by using
the <cmdname>locale set</cmdname> and <cmdname>timezone set</cmdname> commands
on the command line. The server locale details are used for the translation
and formatting of messages. If a translation for a specified language
is not available, US English is used. </p>
<p>You can configure the server date and time manually by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> or by using
the <cmdname>datetime set</cmdname> command on the command line. You
can configure the date and time automatically by using network time
protocol (NTP) servers to synchronize the server time with another
server. You can configure NTP servers by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>, or by using
the <cmdname>set-ntp-servers</cmdname> command on the command line.</p>
<p>Using NTP servers to synchronize the time ensures that the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> time is automatically
updated, and is therefore always correct. It is important for the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> time to be correct
as it is used in key information such as log files and monitoring
data.</p>
<note><p>The server locale and timezone, server date and time, and
NTP server settings are configured per-appliance and are not replicated
between HA pairs.</p></note>
<p>For more information about configuring the server locale, date
and time by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>, see <xref
href="ad00251_.dita"></xref>. For more information about configuring
the server locale, date and time by using the command line, see <xref
href="ad00252_.dita"></xref>.</p><?Pub Caret -2?>
</conbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00200_.dita"></link>
</related-links>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000002437?>
