<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00410_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Bring back primary and standby nodes after both nodes fail
by using the command line</title>
<shortdesc>In this scenario, the primary node has failed and the standby
node has taken over as the new primary node. Before a new backup can
be brought up, the new primary node fails. You need to bring back
both nodes.  System administrators can use the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>HighAvailability</cmdname> commands
on the command line.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>You can configure appliances for high availability by
using the command line or by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>. For more
information about using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> to configure
appliances for high availability, see <xref href="ad00409_.dita"></xref>.
In this scenario, the content of the store and configuration of Appliance
B is preserved.</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Ensure that the high availability parameters on Appliance
B are correct by using the <cmdname>imaserver show HighAvailability</cmdname> command.
You can update settings by using the <cmdname>imaserver update HighAvailability</cmdname> command.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Stop the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server
for Appliance B by using the following command:</cmd><info><codeblock>imaserver stop
</codeblock></info></step>
<step><cmd>Restart Appliance B and Appliance A by using the following
command:</cmd><info><codeblock>imaserver start
</codeblock></info></step>
</steps>
<postreq><p>You can view high availability configuration details of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> appliance by using the <cmdname>imaserver show
HighAvailability</cmdname> command. You can view information about the high availability role of the
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> appliance by using the <cmdname>imaserver
status</cmdname> command.</p><?Pub Caret 195?></postreq>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="../Troubleshooting/tr00007_.dita" scope="local"
type="task"></link>
<link format="dita" href="ad00280_.dita" scope="local" type="concept">
</link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002509?>
