<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ba00008_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Reverting to the previous level of firmware</title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can revert the firmware for an <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> appliance to
the previous level that was installed by using the <cmdname>firmware
rollback</cmdname> command on the command line. </shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<taskbody>
<prereq>It is good practice to have created a backup of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> configuration
and store data before installing a new level of firmware; if you subsequently
need to revert the level of firmware, this data is required for the
rollback operation.<note type="important">The appliance is rebooted
as part of this operation, so network connectivity is disrupted while
the appliance restarts. </note></prereq><?Pub Caret 199?>
<steps-unordered>
<step><cmd>Enter the following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>firmware
rollback</codeph></p><note><ul>
<li>The appliance holds at most two levels of firmware, the active
one and the alternate. Successive invocations of the <cmdname>firmware
rollback</cmdname> command result in switching back and forth between
the two images.</li>
<li>The <cmdname>firmware rollback</cmdname> command preserves the
configuration and store data.</li>
<li>The firmware rollback command can fail if the earlier version
of the firmware is not compatible with the later version. That is,
if the later firmware version introduced changes to components that
cannot be rolled back, the rollback fails.</li>
<li>The <cmdname>firmware rollback</cmdname> command rolls back the
component firmware. Because each component can have only one copy
of component firmware, the component firmware from the version that
is rolled back is reinstalled to the component.</li>
<li>After a firmware rollback, clear your browser cache to ensure
the latest <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> pages
are used.</li>
</ul></note></info></step>
</steps-unordered>
<example>The following example shows a <cmdname>firmware rollback</cmdname> command:<screen><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> firmware rollback
Rolling back firmware...
Upgrade or rollback succeeded. Rebooting...</screen></example>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002774?>
