<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00375_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Editing the LDAP connection by using the command line</title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can edit the external LDAP connection
by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>update</cmdname> command.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context>You can edit the external LDAP connection by using the command
line, or by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>. For more
information about using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> to edit the
external LDAP connection, see <xref href="ad00372_.dita"></xref>.<p>For
more information about the components you must specify to edit the
external LDAP connection, see <xref href="ad00371_.dita"></xref>.</p><p>If
you want to secure the LDAP connection, you must import an LDAP certificate.
For more information about importing an LDAP certificate, see <xref
href="ad00378_.dita"></xref>.</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>To edit the external LDAP connection, enter the following
command:</cmd><info><note>The command must be capitalized as shown,
and must use the double quotation marks as shown.</note><p><codeph><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> update
LDAP "URL=<varname>url</varname>" "MaxConnections=<varname>maxConn</varname>"
"BaseDN=<varname>baseDNName</varname>" "BindDN=<varname>bindDNName</varname>"
"BindPassword=<varname>password</varname>" "IgnoreCase=True|False"
"UserSuffix=<varname>uSuffix</varname>" "GroupSuffix=<varname>gSuffix</varname>"
"UserIdMap=<varname>userMap</varname>" "GroupIdMap=<varname>groupMap</varname>"
"GroupMemberIdMap=<varname>groupMemberMap</varname>" "Timeout=<varname>time</varname>"
"EnableCache=True|False" "CacheTimeout=<varname>timeout</varname>"
"GroupCacheTimeout=<varname>groupTimeout</varname>" "NestedGroupSearch=True|False"
"Enabled=True|False"</codeph></p><p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>URL</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the URL of the LDAP server.</dd>
<dd>The URL must be of the form: <filepath>ldap://<varname>ipAddress</varname>:<varname>portNumber</varname></filepath> or <filepath>ldaps://<varname>ipAddress</varname>:<varname>portNumber</varname></filepath></dd>
</dlentry></dl><?Pub Caret 158?></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>maxConn</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the maximum number of concurrent connections that can
be made to the LDAP server.</dd>
<dd>This value must be in the range 1-100.</dd>
<dd>The default value is 10.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>baseDNName</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the base distinguished name of the directory service.</dd>
<dd>The base DN is the root of the tree that is searched for users
and groups. For example, for a user with a DN of <codeph>cn=user,
ou=location, o=company, c=country</codeph> you can specify the base
DN as one of the following strings: <sl>
<sli><codeph>ou=location, o=company, c=country</codeph></sli>
<sli><codeph>o=company, c=country</codeph></sli>
<sli><codeph>c=country</codeph></sli>
</sl></dd>
<dd>The base DN is case-sensitive.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>bindDNName</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the distinguished name to use when you bind to LDAP.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>password</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the password to use when you bind to LDAP</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>IgnoreCase=True|False</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies whether to ignore case during an LDAP search.</dd>
<dd>The default value is True.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>uSuffix</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the distinguished name which is the suffix of the user
distinguished name.</dd>
<dd>For example, for a user DN of <codeph>cn=user, ou=users, ou=location,
o=company, c=country</codeph>, the user suffix is <codeph>ou=users,
ou=location, o=company, c=country</codeph></dd>
<dd>If the user suffix is not specified, <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> searches for
the user DN. The user ID map is used as part of this search.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>gSuffix</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies distinguished name which is the suffix of the group
distinguished name.</dd>
<dd>For example, for a group DN of <codeph>cn=Developer, ou=groups,
ou=location, o=company, c=country</codeph>, the group suffix is <codeph>ou=groups,
ou=location, o=company, c=country</codeph></dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>userMap</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the LDAP filter that maps the short name of a user to
an LDAP entry.</dd>
<dd>For example, to show entries of the <codeph>object class = inetOrgPerson</codeph> type
by ID, specify <codeph>inetOrgPerson:uid</codeph></dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>groupMap</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the LDAP filter that maps the short name of a group
to an LDAP entry.</dd>
<dd>For example, to show groups by name, specify <codeph>*:cn</codeph>.
The asterisk (*) is a wildcard character that searches on any object
class.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>groupMemberMap</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies LDAP filter that identifies user-to-group relationships.</dd>
<dd>For example, for <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Directory,
the value is <codeph>ibm-allGroup:member</codeph>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>time</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the timeout for LDAP calls, in seconds.</dd>
<dd>This value must be in the range 1-60.</dd>
<dd>The default value is 10.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>EnableCache=True|False</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies whether LDAP credentials are cached.</dd>
<dd>The default value is True.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>timeout</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the cache time to live, in seconds.</dd>
<dd>This value must be in the range 1-60.</dd>
<dd>The default value is 10.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>groupTimeout</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the group cache time to live, in seconds,</dd>
<dd>This value must be in the range 1-86400.</dd>
<dd>The default value is 300.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>NestedGroupSearch=True|False</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies whether to use nested group searching to find the group
membership of a user.</dd>
<dd>The default value is False.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Enabled=True|False</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies whether the LDAP server connection is enabled.</dd>
<dd>The default value is True.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></p></info><info><p>New LDAP settings will be used the next time
a client or connection is authenticated or authorized.</p></info></step>
</steps>
<example>The following example shows editing the LDAP server connection
to update the <codeph>MaxConnections</codeph> value to 20:<screen><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> imaserver update LDAP MaxConnections=20
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
The new LDAP settings will be used the next time a client or connection is authenticated or authorized.
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></screen></example>
</taskbody>
<?tm 1413223996 1?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000007587?>
