<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="ad00600" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring passwordless secure administration</title>
<shortdesc>You can configure passwordless administration of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> appliance
by using a previously generated SSH key. This configuration allows
remote scripts to run CLI commands without requiring interactive entry
of a user ID and password. </shortdesc>
<conbody>
<section><title>Enabling passwordless secure administration</title><p>You
might want to use passwordless administration so that you can write
remote scripts to create or retrieve monitoring data. You can also
write remote scripts to create number of messaging objects. For example,
message hubs, endpoints, or policies for a particular environment.</p><p>The <cmdname>user
sshkey add</cmdname> command can be used to configure passwordless
secure administration of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> appliance.
 You can type <cmdname>help user</cmdname> on the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> appliance
command line to get the syntax.</p><p>For more information, see <xref
href="ad00601.dita"></xref>.</p></section>
<section><title>Disabling passwordless secure administration</title><p>You
might want to disable passwordless administration to strengthen your
security. For example, an administrator with a revoked password might
still be able to access the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> appliance
by using a passwordless SSH login.</p><p>The <cmdname>user sshkey
delete</cmdname> command can be used to disable passwordless administration
of the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> appliance.
You can type <cmdname>help user</cmdname> on the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> appliance
command line to get the syntax.</p><p>For more information, see <xref
href="ad00604.dita"></xref>.</p></section><?Pub Caret -2?>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000002265?>
