<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="ad00290_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring log files</title>
<shortdesc>You can set the logging level, view the logging level, change the log location, and view log location information by using <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"
    />. You can also configure log rotation in a Docker environment by using Docker commands and modifying a sample log rotation file.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
  <p>By default, <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> provides several logs files: <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><codeph><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"
              />-default.log</codeph></dt>
          <dd>This log file shows all log entries about the operation of the server. High severity
            entries that are shown in other logs are also logged in the <ph
              conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"/>-default.log.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><codeph><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"
              />-connection.log</codeph></dt>
          <dd>This log file shows log entries that are related to connections. These entries can be
            used as an audit log for connections, and also indicates errors with connections.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><codeph><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"
              />-security.log</codeph></dt>
          <dd>This log file shows log entries that are related to authentication and authorization.
            This log can be used as an audit log for security-related items.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><codeph><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"
            />-admin.log</codeph></dt>
          <dd>This log file shows log entries that are related to running administration commands.
            It records all changes to the configuration of the <ph
              conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>, and attempted changes.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><codeph><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"
              />-mqconnectivity.log</codeph></dt>
          <dd>This log file shows log entries that are related to <ph
              conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"/> function. These entries include
            problems found connecting to queue managers. The log can help diagnose problems in
            connecting <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> to <ph
              conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/>.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl></p>
  <p>The log files have different logging levels that determine the number of messages are that
   logged. For more information about the levels, and how to set the logging level, see <xref
    href="ad00293_.dita"/>.</p>
  <p>Log location can be a file or a syslog server. You can change log location for each of these components and view the log location information by using <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"
      />. For more information about changing and displaying log location, see <xref
      href="ad01291.dita"/>.</p>
  <p>You can specify syslog server configuration and view information about existing syslog server configuration by using <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"
      />. For more information about configuring and viewing syslog server information, see <xref
      format="dita" href="ad01292.dita" scope="local" type="task"/>.</p>
 </conbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00200_.dita"></link>
</related-links>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000003662?>
