<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00744_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Editing a security profile by using the command line</title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can edit a security profile by using
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>update
SecurityProfile</cmdname> command.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>You can edit a security profile by using the command line,
or by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>.
For more information about using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> to edit a
security profile, see <xref href="ad00741_.dita"></xref>.</p><p>For
more information about the components that you must specify when you
edit security profiles, see <xref href="ad00740_.dita"></xref>.</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>To edit a security profile, enter the following command:</cmd>
<info><note>The command must be capitalized as shown, and must use
the double quotation marks as shown.</note><p><codeph><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> update
SecurityProfile "Name=<varname>profileName</varname>" "TLSEnabled=True|False"
"CertificateProfile=<varname>certProfileName</varname>" "MinimumProtocolMethod=<varname>minLevel</varname>"
"Ciphers=<varname>level</varname>" "UseClientCipher=True|False" "UseClientCertificate=True|False"
"UsePasswordAuthentication=True|False" "LTPAProfile=<varname>ltpaProfileName</varname>"
"OAuthProfile=<varname>OAuthProfileName</varname>" </codeph></p>Where:<ul>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>profileName</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the security profile you want to edit.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>TLSEnabled=True|False</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies whether to use (True) or not use (False) Transport Later Security on the endpoints that use the security profile.</dd>
<dd>If you set <parmname>TLSEnabled</parmname> to <codeph>True</codeph>,
ensure that a certificate profile already exists to use with the security
profile.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>certProfileName</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the name of the certificate profile to use with the
security profile. You must specify a certificate profile name if <parmname>TLSEnabled</parmname> is <codeph>True</codeph>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>minLevel</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the lowest level of protocol that is allowed when a
client connects to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.</dd>
<dd>The value can be one of the following values:<ul>
<li>SSLv3</li>
<li>TLSv1</li>
<li>TLSv1.1</li>
<li>TLSv1.2</li>
</ul></dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>level</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the encryption algorithm that is used by the security
policy.</dd>
<dd>The value can be one of the following values:<ul>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>Best</dt>
<dd>The most secure cipher that is supported by the server and the
client.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>Medium</dt>
<dd>The fastest high security cipher that is supported by the server
and the client.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>Fast</dt>
<dd>The fastest medium or high security cipher that is supported by
server and the client.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
</ul></dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>UseClientCipher=True|False</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies whether to use (True) or not use (False) the cipher
setting of the client when it connects to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>UseClientCertificate=True|False</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies whether to use (True) or not use (False) client certificate
authentication.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li><?Pub Caret -2?>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>UsePasswordAuthentication=True|False</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies whether to authenticate the user ID and password (True)
or not (False).</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>ltpaProfileName</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the name of the LTPA profile to use with the security
profile.</dd>
<dd>If you specify this option, you must specify <parmname>UsePasswordAuthentication=True</parmname>.</dd>
<dd>If you specify an LTPA profile, you cannot specify an OAuth profile
in the same security profile.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>OAuthProfileName</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the OAuth profile to use with this security profile.</dd>
<dd>If you specify this option, <parmname>UsePasswordAuthentication</parmname> must
be set to <codeph>True</codeph>. If you omit the <parmname>UsePasswordAuthentication</parmname> parameter
from the command, it is automatically set to <codeph>True</codeph>.</dd>
<dd>If you specify an OAuth profile, you cannot specify an LTPA profile
in the same security profile.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
</ul></info></step>
</steps>
<example><p>The following example sets the minimum protocol level
for a security profile.</p><screen><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> imaserver update SecurityProfile "Name=JMSSSLSecureProf3" "MinimumProtocolMethod=TLSv1.2"
The requested configuration change has completed successfully. </screen></example>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000005502?>
