<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00414_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Bring back both appliances after both appliances fail simultaneously
by using the command line</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>In this scenario, a massive power loss causes both the
primary node and the standby node to fail. You must bring both nodes
back up.  System administrators can use the command line to bring
the appliances backup.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>You can configure appliances for high availability by
using the command line or by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>. For more
information about using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> to configure
appliances for high availability, see <xref href="ad00413_.dita"></xref>.
In this scenario, the content of the store and configuration of Appliance
A is preserved.</p></context>
<steps>
<step id="StartApplianceAByEnteringTheFollowi"><cmd><tm tmclass="IGNORE"
tmtype="reg" trademark="Power">Power</tm> on both appliances.</cmd>
<info><p>If the server on one or both of the appliances does not start,
check the logs for messages. For more information about the log files,
see <xref format="dita" href="../Troubleshooting/tr00000_.dita"
scope="local"></xref>.</p></info></step>
<step id="AfterTheServerRestartsChangeItToPro"><cmd>Verify that the
server is running in production mode on both appliances.</cmd><info>Use
the <cmdname>imaserver status</cmdname> command to verify the status
of the server.</info></step>
<step><cmd> If either appliance is not running in production mode,
check the logs for messages and resolve the problem.</cmd><info>Depending
on the nature of the problem, you might need to perform further action
as described in <xref format="dita" href="ad00416_.dita" scope="local"
type="concept"></xref>.</info></step>
</steps>
<postreq><p>You can view high availability configuration details of
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> appliance
by using the <cmdname>imaserver show HighAvailability</cmdname> command.
You can view information about the high availability role of the<ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> appliance by
using the <cmdname>imaserver status</cmdname> command.</p></postreq>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="../Troubleshooting/tr00007_.dita" scope="local"
type="task"></link>
<link format="dita" href="ad00280_.dita" scope="local" type="concept">
</link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1413223994 1?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002712?>
