<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00409_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Bring back primary and standby nodes after both nodes fail
by using the GUI</title><?Pub Caret 11?>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. Use Edit > Un Comment to have the tags made live.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>In this scenario, the primary node has failed and the standby
node has taken over as the new primary node. Before a new backup can
be powered on, the new primary node fails. You need to restart both
nodes. System administrators can use the <uicontrol>High Availability</uicontrol> page
in the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>.</shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<taskbody>
<context><p>You can configure appliances for high availability by
using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>,
or by using the command line. For more information about using the
command line to configure appliances for high availability, see <xref
href="ad00410_.dita"></xref>. In this scenario, the content of the
store and configuration of Appliance B is preserved.</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Check the high availability configuration on Appliance
B is correct by selecting <uicontrol>High Availability</uicontrol> from
the <uicontrol>Appliance</uicontrol> menu. If you change any settings,
click <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Restart Later</uicontrol> when prompted.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Stop and then restart the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server for both
of the appliances:</cmd><info><note type="tip">As a best practice,
stop and restart the standby server first. Then stop and restart the
primary to limit the amount of time that the primary spends waiting
for the standby to become available.</note></info>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>System Control</uicontrol> in the <uicontrol>Appliance</uicontrol> menu.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Stop the server by clicking <uicontrol>Stop the server</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Start the server by clicking <uicontrol>Start the server</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
</steps>
<postreq>When the HA pair is up and running, you can view the status
of each appliance from the <uicontrol>Status</uicontrol> menu on the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>. You can view
further information on the status of the appliance by using the <uicontrol>System
Control</uicontrol> page. You can view further information about the
high availability role of the appliance by using the <uicontrol>High
Availability</uicontrol> page.</postreq>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="../Troubleshooting/tr00007_.dita" scope="local"
type="task"></link>
<link format="dita" href="ad00280_.dita" scope="local" type="concept">
</link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003513?>
