<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="ad00733_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Creating and updating an LTPA profile by using <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/></title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>System administrators can copy an LTPA key to <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> to use in an LTPA profile by using the <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
    /> REST API PUT method. System administrators can then create an LTPA profile by using the <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
    /> REST API POST method. Existing LTPA profiles can also be updated by system administrators by using the <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API POST method.</shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<taskbody>
<context>
<p>Before you can configure an LTPA profile, you must have an LTPA key. You can export an LTPA key from servers such as<ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"/>. For more information about LTPA, see <xref
href="../Security/se00013_.dita"/>.</p>
<p>You can create or update an LTPA profile by using <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>, or by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>. For more information about using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> to create an LTPA profile, see <xref
href="ad00731_.dita"/>.</p>
</context>
<steps>
<step id="1">
        <cmd>To create an LTPA profile, first copy the LTPA key file into <ph
          conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> by using the <ph
          conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
          /> REST API PUT method with the following <ph
          conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> file URI: </cmd>
        <info>
          <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/file/&lt;filename></codeph></p>
          <p>The key file is copied to <filepath>/tmp/userfiles</filepath></p>
        </info>
      </step>
<step>
<cmd>To create or update an LTPA profile, use the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> REST API POST method with the following <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> configuration URI:</cmd>
<info>
<p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/</codeph></p>
</info>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Provide LTPAProfile object configuration data in the payload of the POST method by using the following schema. <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to <userinput>application/json</userinput>. Ensure that capitalization and double quotation marks are used as shown. </cmd>
<info><codeblock>
{    
  "LTPAProfile": {
    "&lt;NameOfLTPAProfile>": {
      "KeyFileName": "string",
      "Password": "string", 
      "Overwrite": true|false
     }
   }
}</codeblock>Where:<dl>
          <dlentry>
            <dt><varname>NameOfLTPAProfile</varname></dt>
            <dd>Required.</dd>
            <dd>Specifies a name for the LTPA profile.</dd>
            <dd>The name can be a maximum of 256 alphanumeric characters. </dd>
            <dd>The name must not have leading or trailing spaces and cannot contain control characters, commas, double quotation marks, backslashes, or equal signs. The first character must not be a number. </dd>
            <dd>After the profile is created, this name cannot be changed.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>KeyFileName</dt>
            <dd>Required if you are creating an LTPA profile.</dd>
            <dd>Specifies the name of the key file to use with this LTPA profile. The key file must exist on <ph
              conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>.</dd>
            <dd>The name can be a maximum of 255 alphanumeric characters. The first character must not be a number.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>Password</dt>
            <dd>Required if you are creating an LTPA profile.</dd>
            <dd>Specifies the LTPA password that is associated with the key file used in the LTPA profile.</dd>
            <dd>The value of this parameter is not returned on the REST API GET method.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>Overwrite: true|false</dt>
            <dd>Specifies whether an existing key is overwritten if it has the same name.</dd>
            <dd>The default value is false which means that an existing key is not overwritten if it has the same name.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          </dl><p>You can check that the configuration of your LTPA profile is as expected by using the <ph
          conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
          /> REST Administration API GET method. For more information about the GET method, see <xref
          href="ad00366_.dita"/>.</p></info>
</step>
</steps>
<example>
<p>The following example shows the PUT method to copy a key <codeph>certificateKey.pem</codeph> to <filepath>/tmp/userfiles</filepath> in <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
        /> by using cURL:<codeblock>curl -X PUT -T certificate.pem http://10.10.2.149:9089/ima/v1/file/ltpa.key
</codeblock><?Pub Caret 104?></p>
<p>The following example shows a POST method to create an LTPA profile named
          <codeph>MyLTPAProfile</codeph> by using cURL.
        <codeblock> 
curl -X POST \
   -H 'Content-Type: application/json'  \
   -d  '{ 
         "LTPAProfile": {   
           "MyLTPAProfile": {
             "KeyFileName": "ltpa.key",
             "Password": "ltpakeypassword"
          }
        }
    }
 '  \
http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/configuration/</codeblock>
        The following shows an example response to the POST
        method.<codeblock>
{        
  "Version": "v1",
  "Code": "CWLNA6011",
  "Message": "The requested configuration change has completed successfully."
}
</codeblock></p>
</example>
<postreq>After you create the LTPA profile, you must create or edit a security profile to use the LTPA profile. For more information about configuring a security profile, see <xref
href="ad00740_.dita"/>.</postreq>
</taskbody>
</task>
