<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="ad00800_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Programmatically configuring the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource adapter
for inbound communication</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>You can set activation specification properties programmatically
in Message-Driven beans (MDBs) or by configuring the properties of
an ActivationSpec object.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>The configuration values that are provided in an MDB can set or
override the properties of an ActivationSpec object. At least three
properties must be set for an <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> MDB application.
Other required settings have default values that work if <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> is configured
appropriately. The following information lists the properties that
must be set: </p>
<ul>
<li>The properties that describe the destination. You must set either <parmname>destination</parmname> and <parmname>destinationType</parmname> or <parmname>destinationLookup</parmname>.</li>
<li>The properties that allow an application to connect to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>. You must set <parmname>server</parmname> and <parmname>port</parmname>.
The <parmname>server</parmname> property can be set to the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> host name or
names, or to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> 
IP address or IP addresses. The <parmname>port</parmname> property
can be set to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> port.</li>
</ul>
<p>Other property settings might be required depending on your <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> configuration.
For example, if secure connections are required then the <parmname>protocol</parmname> property
must be set to <codeph>tcps</codeph>.</p>
<p>The following sample code shows the minimal configuration that
is required in an MDB to allow an application to connect to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>:<screen><codeph>
/**
* Message-Driven Bean implementation class for: SampleBean
*/
@MessageDriven(
   activationConfig = {
       @ActivationConfigProperty(
           propertyName = "destinationType", propertyValue = "javax.jms.Topic"),
       @ActivationConfigProperty(
           propertyName = "destination", propertyValue = "myTopic"),
       @ActivationConfigProperty(
           propertyName = "server", propertyValue = "192.168.161.11"),
       @ActivationConfigProperty(
           propertyName = "port", propertyValue = "16102")
   })

public class SampleBean implements MessageListener {
   /**
    * @see MessageListener#onMessage(Message)
    */
   public void onMessage(Message message) {
       .
       .
       .
   }</codeph></screen> </p>
<p>You can set any activation specification properties in an MDB.
The application developer and application deployer need to decide
whether to set these properties directly in the MDB or at deployment
time. </p>
<p>For more information about setting values in an ActivationSpec
object, see <xref format="dita" href="configuringinboundcomms.dita"
scope="local" type="concept"></xref>.</p>
</conbody>
<?tm 1384269351 0?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000003471?>
