<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00133_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Testing a queue manager connection by using the command line</title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>System administrators can test a queue manager connection
by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>test
QueueManagerConnection</cmdname> command.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>You can test a queue manager connection to ensure that
a connection can be made to the specified <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> queue manager.
You can test an existing queue manager connection, or you can test
the parameters of a connection before you create the queue manager
connection.</p><note>If you test a connection that uses multiple IP
addresses or host names in the <parmname>ConnectionName</parmname> field,
the test passes if at least one connection is successful. Therefore,
even if the test passes, one or more of the IP addresses or host names
that are specified might be unable to connect.</note><p>You can test
a queue manager connection by using the command line, or by using
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>. In
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>, you
can click <uicontrol>Test connection</uicontrol> when you create or
edit a queue manager connection. For more information about using
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> to
create or edit a queue manager connection, see <xref href="ad00117_.dita"></xref>.</p><p>For
more information about the components that make up a queue manager
connection, see <xref href="ad00113_.dita"></xref>.</p></context>
<steps-unordered>
<step><cmd>To test an existing queue manager connection, enter the
following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> test QueueManagerConnection
"Name=<varname>QMCname</varname>"</codeph></p><p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>QMCname</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the existing queue manager connection to
test.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></p></info></step>
<step><cmd>To test a queue manager connection before you create the
connection, enter the following command:</cmd><info> <p><codeph><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> test QueueManagerConnection
"QueueManagerName=<varname>QMgrName</varname>" "ConnectionName=<varname>ConnName</varname>"
"ChannelName=<varname>channelName</varname>" "SSLCipherSpec=<varname>cipherSpec</varname>"</codeph></p><p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>QMgrName</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the queue manager to connect to.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>ConnName</dt>
<dd>Specifies the connection name of the queue manager to connect
to.<p>The connection name consists of the IP address or host name
of the queue manager, and optionally, the port number. If a port number
is not specified, the default value of 1414 is used. For multi-instance
queue managers, you can specify more than one connection by entering
the connection names in a comma-separated list.</p><p>For a connection
name with a port number, you must specify the port number in parentheses.
For example: <codeph>192.0.2.0(1414)</codeph></p><p>For a connection
name without a port number, do not use parentheses. For example: <codeph>192.0.2.0</codeph></p></dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>channelName</dt>
<dd>Specifies the channel name of the queue manager to connect to.<p>The
name that you specify in <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> must match the
name of the server-connection channel that you defined in <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph>.</p></dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>cipherSpec</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the SSL cipher that is used in the connection between <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> and <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph>.</dd>
<dd>The cipher that is specified must match the cipher that is defined
in <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> for the
queue manager that is used in the queue manager connection.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></p></info></step>
</steps-unordered>
<result>If the test is unsuccessful, you might see one of the following
errors:<dl><dlentry>
<dt>SSL error while connecting to queue manager.</dt>
<dd>For more information about this error, and how to resolve the
problem, see <xref format="html"
href="../../com.ibm.ism.messages.doc/CWLNA0308.html" scope="peer">CWLNA0308</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Channel error while connecting to queue manager</dt>
<dd>For more information about this error, and how to resolve the
problem, see <xref format="html"
href="../../com.ibm.ism.messages.doc/CWLNA0309.html" scope="peer">CWLNA0309</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Host error while connecting to queue manager</dt>
<dd>For more information about this error, and how to resolve the
problem, see <xref format="html"
href="../../com.ibm.ism.messages.doc/CWLNA0310.html" scope="peer">CWLNA3010</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Queue manager name error</dt>
<dd>For more information about this error, and how to resolve the
problem, see <xref format="html"
href="../../com.ibm.ism.messages.doc/CWLNA0313.html" scope="peer">CWLNA0313</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></result>
<example><p>This example demonstrates testing an existing queue manager
connection that is called <codeph>exampleQMC</codeph>:</p><screen><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> test QueueManagerConnection "Name=exampleQMC"
Test connection succeeded.
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></screen></example>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00120_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00121_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00127_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00122_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00091_.dita"></link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1413224004 0?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000006255?>
