<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00326_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Deleting a configuration object by using <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/></title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can delete configuration objects, including endpoints, connection policies, messaging policies, and message hubs by using a <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPI"/>.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>You can delete a configuration object by using a <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPI"/>, or by using the <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
        />. For more information about using the <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
        /> to delete a configuration object, see the appropriate information that relates to using the <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>.</p>
   <p>You can use the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
        /> REST API DELETE method to delete configuration objects, including endpoints, connection policies, messaging policies, and message hubs. To delete a message hub, you must first delete the endpoints that are associated with the message hub. You can delete the connection policies and messaging policies, or keep them to use with another endpoint.</p><p>The following list shows the valid object types that you can delete by using the <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API DELETE method:<ul>
        <li>CertificateProfile</li>
        <li>ClientCertificate</li>
        <li>ClientSet</li>
        <li>ConfigurationPolicy</li>
        <li>ConnectionPolicy</li>
        <li>DestinationMappingRule</li>
        <li>EndPoint</li>
        <li>LTPAProfile</li>
        <li>MessageHub</li>
        <li>MQTTClient</li>
        <li>OAuthProfile</li>
        <li>Plugin</li>
        <li>Queue. For more information about deleting a message queue, see <xref
          href="ad00356_.dita"/>.</li>
        <li>QueueManagerConnection</li>
        <li>QueuePolicy</li>
        <li>SecurityProfile</li>
        <li>SubscriptionPolicy</li>
        <li>TopicPolicy</li>
        <li>TrustedCertificate</li>
        </ul></p></context>
<steps>
<step>
        <cmd>To delete a configuration object, use the <ph
          conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
          /> REST API DELETE method with the following <ph
          conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> configuration URI: </cmd>
        <info>
          <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/&lt;ObjectType>/&lt;ObjectName></codeph></p>
          <p>where: <ul>
            <li><b>ObjectType</b><p>Required.</p><p>Specifies the type of configuration object.</p><p>A valid list of object types is displayed in the "About this task" section.</p></li>
            <li><b>ObjectName</b><p>Required.</p><p>Specifies the name of a specific configuration object.</p></li>
            </ul></p>
        </info>
      </step>
</steps>
<example>
      <p>The following example shows the deletion of a specific instance of a MessageHub called
        "MyHub" by using cURL:</p>
      <codeblock>curl -X DELETE http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/configuration/MessageHub/MyHub
</codeblock>
      <note>All endpoints that are associated with a message hub must be deleted before you can
        delete the message hub. In this delete example, the following message is returned because an
        endpoint still exists on the message
        hub:<codeblock>
{
      "Version":"v1",
      "Code":"CWLNA0438",
      "Message":"MessageHub is in use. It still contains at least one endpoint."
 }
</codeblock></note>
    </example>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000004837?>
