<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00251_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring the server locale, date and time by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph></title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can configure the server locale,
date, and time by using the <uicontrol>Server Locale, Date and Time</uicontrol> page
in the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>You can configure the server locale, date, and time by
using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>,
or by using the command line. For more information about using the
command line to configure the server locale, date, and time, see <xref
href="ad00252_.dita"></xref>.</p><?Pub Caret 196?><note><p>The server
locale and timezone, server date and time, and NTP server settings
are configured per-appliance and are not replicated between HA pairs.</p></note></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Go to the <uicontrol>Server Locale, Date and Time</uicontrol> page
in one of the following ways:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>From the <uicontrol>Home</uicontrol> tab, click <uicontrol>Locale,
Date and Time Settings</uicontrol> in the <uicontrol>Customize appliance
settings</uicontrol> pane.</choice>
<choice>From the <uicontrol>Appliance</uicontrol> menu, click <uicontrol>Locale,
Date and Time</uicontrol>.</choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step><cmd>Choose an action:</cmd><info><p>From the <uicontrol>Server
Locale and Timezone</uicontrol> pane:</p></info>
<choices>
<choice>To set the locale and timezone of the server, complete the <uicontrol>Server
locale</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Server time zone</uicontrol> fields.</choice>
</choices>
<info><p>From the <uicontrol>Network Time Protocol Servers</uicontrol> pane: </p></info>
<choices>
<choice>To add a network time protocol server address, click the <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol> icon.</choice>
<choice>To delete a network time protocol server address, select the
server and click the <uicontrol>Delete</uicontrol> icon.</choice>
<choice>To edit a network time protocol server address, select the
server and click the <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> icon.</choice>
<choice>To test a network protocol server address, either add an address,
or edit an address, and click <uicontrol>Test connection</uicontrol>.</choice>
<choice>To change the order of the network time protocol server address,
select a server and click the <uicontrol>Arrow</uicontrol> icons.</choice>
</choices>
<info><p>From the <uicontrol>Date and Time</uicontrol> pane:</p></info>
<choices>
<choice>To manually set the date and time of the server, complete
the <uicontrol>Date</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Time</uicontrol> fields.<note>If
any network time protocol servers are configured, the <uicontrol>Date</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Time</uicontrol> fields
are disabled.</note></choice>
</choices>
</step>
</steps>
<postreq>If you experience connection issues after you set the time, restart the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>. You can restart the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
/> by using the <cmdname>imaserver stop webui</cmdname> and <cmdname>imaserver start webui</cmdname> commands on the command line. For more information about stopping and starting the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> process, see <xref
href="../AdministeringWebUI/ad00194_.dita"/>.</postreq>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00250_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00200_.dita"></link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003731?>
