<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002--><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?><?Pub Inc?><concept id="ad00210_" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Network interface controllers</title>
  <?Pub Caret -2?>
  <shortdesc>You need to consider the number of network interface controllers (NICs) that you
    require when you configure your environment. You should consider factors including the class of
    traffic, volume of traffic, and the type of environment that you are using when planning the
    number of NICs that you need.  </shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <section>
      <title>Environment considerations</title>
      <p>If you are configuring a development or test environment, a minimum of one NIC is required. </p>
    <p>In production environments, use a dedicated network interface for all classes of light         traffic. These classes are shown in the following table as Admin, HA discovery, cluster         control, and cluster discovery traffic. You might want to consider additional network         interfaces depending on the workload and the use of <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> HA and clustering         features. For client traffic and cluster messaging traffic, use an additional dedicated NIC.  </p>
    <p>If you are configuring HA in a production environment, you can use either two unbonded NICs         or one highly available NIC. If you are using <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> HA with reliable         messaging (QoS &gt; 0), use an additional dedicated NIC for HA replication traffic. In HA         environments, this configuration is required to minimize the risk of a split brain         condition. Split brain can occur in an HA environment if the primary node that provides         messaging operations detects that the other server is acting as a primary. For more information about link aggregation, see the documentation for your operating system. For details on using link aggregation see <xref href="../Reference/link_aggregation.dita" /></p>
      <p otherprops="future"> For more information about split brain, see <xref href="../Troubleshooting/tr00015_.dita" />.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Traffic class considerations</title>
<p>The following table describes the major classes of traffic and the traffic load:</p>
<table id="datasimpletable_pnh_nyh_qfb">
<title>NIC requirements in production environments for different classes of
traffic</title>
<tgroup cols="3">
<thead>
<row>
<entry>Class of traffic</entry>
<entry>Description</entry>
<entry>From MQTT</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>Admin</entry>
<entry>The network traffic between the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/MessageSight" /> Admin endpoint and administrative clients. For
example, REST client or <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" />.</entry>
<entry>Light </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Client</entry>
<entry>The network traffic between <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/MessageSight" /> server and clients.</entry>
<entry>Heavy </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>HA replication </entry>
<entry>The network traffic used for state replication between the ACTIVE and STANDBY members of an
HA pair.</entry>
<entry>Heavy - if using QoS &gt; 0 for reliable messaging.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>HA discovery</entry>
<entry>The network traffic used for discovery and heart-beating between the ACTIVE and STANDBY
members of an HA pair.</entry>
<entry>Light </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Cluster messaging</entry>
<entry>The network traffic used for forwarding client data between members of a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/MessageSight" />
cluster.</entry>
<entry>Heavy </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Cluster control</entry>
<entry>The network traffic used for propagating cluster state information between members of a
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/MessageSight" /> cluster.</entry>
<entry>Light</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Cluster discovery</entry>
<entry>The network traffic used for discovering new cluster members.</entry>
<entry>Light</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
      <p>Multiple heavy traffic classes can be combined on a single network interface -  for example
        a single highly available bonded interface. However, you must consider the packet rate
        limitations of the OS NIC driver when planning the number of NICs that you require.</p>
      <note>Any kernel packet processing overhead on the host that is running <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" />, can limit the maximum packet rate that the host can support. For example, if you are running a stateless or stateful packet firewall like iptables.</note>
    </section>
  </conbody>
  
</concept><?Pub *0000004696?><?tm 1462276992950 2 IBM ?>
