<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="ad01111" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title>Removing an inactive cluster member by using a <ph
            conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPI"/></title>
    <!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
    <!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
    <!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
    <shortdesc>System administrators can remove an inactive cluster member by using the <ph
            conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API POST method. </shortdesc>
    <!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
    <!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
    <taskbody>
        <prereq>
            <p>Use this command with caution. If you have a member that you no longer want to
                participate in the cluster, disable cluster membership  by setting
                    <parmname>EnableClusterMembership</parmname> to <userinput>false</userinput> on
                that member. If  you have a cluster member that is inactive and  cannot be
                restarted, then other cluster members queue the messages and retained messages until
                that member becomes active. Eventually, this might lead to a performance
                degradation. In this case you might want  to permanently remove that member from the
                cluster by using this command. This command results in the member being permanently
                removed from the cluster. All messages that are queued to be sent to the inactive
                member are permanently deleted from the system. Outbound messages from the inactive
                member are also permanently deleted. For more information about disabling cluster
                membership, see <xref href="ad00942_.dita"/>.</p>
        </prereq>
        <context>
            <p>When a cluster member is not available for an extended period or is inactive, you can
                remove that cluster member from the discovery list of all active cluster members to
                avoid a potential impact on performance.  Only use this REST API if a cluster member
                cannot be recovered. In all other instances, disable cluster membership on the
                active member that you want to remove. </p>
            <p>You can query cluster members with a status of <userinput>inactive</userinput> by
                using <xref href="../Monitoring/admin00080.dita">Cluster monitoring</xref>.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>To remove an inactive cluster member, use the <ph
                        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API
                    POST method with the following <ph
                        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
                    configuration URI:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/service/remove/inactiveClusterMember</codeph></p>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Provide cluster member identification data in the payload of the POST method by
                    using the following schema. Content-type is set to
                        <userinput>application/json</userinput>. Ensure that capitalization and
                    double quotation marks are used as shown. </cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>
    { 
        "ServerName": "string", 
        "ServerUID": "string"
    }</codeblock>
                </info>
                <stepxmp>
                    <p>where:</p>
                    <ul>
                        <li>
                            <dl>
                                <dlentry>
                                    <dt>ServerName</dt>
                                    <dd>Specifies the name of the server</dd>
                                </dlentry>
                            </dl>
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <dl>
                                <dlentry>
                                    <dt>ServerUID</dt>
                                    <dd>Specifies the UID of the server.</dd>
                                    <dd>The <parmname>ServerUID</parmname> is a unique identifier
                                        that is assigned to a server when that server joins a
                                        cluster. If a server leaves and then re-joins a cluster, the
                                        server is assigned a new <parmname>ServerUID</parmname>. </dd>
                                    <dd>In an HA environment, the <parmname>ServerUID</parmname>
                                        identifies the current Primary. A Primary and Standby can
                                        have different server names, but both servers have the same
                                            <parmname>ServerUID</parmname>.</dd>
                                </dlentry>
                            </dl>
                        </li>
                    </ul>
                    <note>You must specify both the <parmname>ServerName</parmname> and the
                            <parmname>ServerUID</parmname>. For more information about viewing
                            <parmname>ServerName</parmname> and  <parmname>ServerUID</parmname>
                        values, see <xref href="../Monitoring/admin00082.dita"/>.</note>
                </stepxmp>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <example>
            <p>The following example shows a POST method in cURL to remove an inactive remote
                cluster member:</p>
            <codeblock>
curl -X POST 
    -H  'Content-Type: application/json'  \
    -d '  { 
            "ServerName":"ServerA",
            "ServerUID":"mjvZxR6t" 
          }
       ' \
http://10.10.33.11:9089/ima/v1/service/remove/inactiveClusterMember</codeblock>
            <p>The following example shows an example of response to the POST method:</p>
            <codeblock>
    {          
        "Version": "v1",  
        "Code": "CWLNA6011",  
        "Message": "The requested configuration change has completed successfully."
    }</codeblock>
        </example>
    </taskbody>
    <related-links>
        <link href="../Monitoring/admin00082.dita"/>
    </related-links>
</task>
