<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="ad01297_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring log rotation for <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> in a Docker environment</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>System administrators can configure log rotation for <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> in a Docker environment. A sample logrotate file is provided for amendment to your system requirements. Log rotation can then occur on the server that hosts Docker.  </shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<taskbody>
<prereq>
<ul>
<li>Ensure the persistence of data, logs, and store information across successive updates to the Docker container by first volume mapping the <filepath>/var/messagesight</filepath> volume of the Docker container to a directory that the host can access. </li>
<li>The <tm trademark="Linux" tmtype="tm"
>Linux</tm> server that is hosting the Docker environment or the RPM installation must have a cron daemon installed and enabled, and the logrotate RPM installed. By default, Centos 7 and RHEL <tm
trademark="Linux" tmtype="tm"
>Linux</tm> 7 install the cronie package version of the crond daemon. If the package is not configured or installed, see the documentation that relates to installation and configuration of the cronie package for guidance, or investigate an alternative cron implementation. </li>
</ul>
</prereq>
<steps>
<step>
<cmd>Copy the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> sample log rotation configuration file to the <filepath>tmp</filepath> directory on the server that is hosting the Docker environment by using the following command:</cmd>
<info>
<codeblock>docker cp IMA:/etc/logrotate.d/imaserver /tmp/imaserver</codeblock>
</info>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>In the copied file, specify the correct paths to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> log files.</cmd>
<info>The paths in the sample file use the default log file location, <filepath>/var/messagesight/diag/logs</filepath>, for an <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> installation. Amend these paths to match the actual location of the log files on the host system as specified in the Docker run command that you use to start <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" />.<p>For example, if your Docker run command
is:<codeblock>docker run --cap-add SYS_PTRACE --cap-add SYS_ADMIN --cap-add NET_ADMIN --security-opt apparmor:unconfined 
--net=host -P -it --name=IMA --env-file=imaserver-docker.env -v /mnt/messagesight:/var/messagesight 
-v /mnt/tmp:/var/tmp -d imaserver:2.0
</codeblock>you
must replace the <filepath>/var/messagesight</filepath> element of the default path with
<filepath>/mnt/messagesight</filepath>. </p><p>The default path for the imaserver-connection.log is:<codeblock><b>/var/messagesight</b>/diag/logs/imaserver-connection.log {
        size 20M
        rotate 3
        compress
        notifempty
        missingok
        copytruncate
}
</codeblock>Therefore, you need to amend the path to:<codeblock><b>/mnt/messagesight</b>/diag/logs/imaserver-connection.log {
        size 20M
        rotate 3
        compress
        notifempty
        missingok
        copytruncate
}
</codeblock></p><p>Make the same amendment to the paths to all the other log files.</p>
</info>
</step>
<step importance="optional">
<cmd>Amend the other parameters in the configuration file to suit your system requirements. For further information about amending the parameters, see your local <tm trademark="Linux" tmtype="tm">Linux</tm> man pages for logrotate. </cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Copy the updated configuration file to the <filepath>/etc/logrotate.d</filepath> location by issuing the following command:</cmd>
<info>
<codeblock>cp /tmp/imaserver /etc/logrotate.d</codeblock>
</info>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task><?tm 1469699711163 3 Linux ?>
