<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="ad01292" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title>Configuring and viewing syslog server information by using REST Administration
        APIs</title>
    <!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
    <!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
    <!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
    <shortdesc>You can specify syslog configuration by using <ph
            conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>.</shortdesc>
    <!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
    <!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>The syslog object cannot be deleted by using the REST API DELETE method. To configure
                your syslog server, complete the following steps:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
<cmd>Use the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API POST method. </cmd>
<substeps>
<substep>
<cmd>Use the following <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> configuration URI: </cmd>
<info>
<p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/</codeph></p>
</info>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Provide log location configuration data in the payload of the POST method by using the following schema:</cmd>
<info>
<codeblock>
"Syslog" 
{    
    "Host" : "string",    
    "Port" : integer,   
    "Protocol" : "tcp" | "upd",    
    "Enabled" : true|false
}</codeblock>
<p>where:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Host</dt>
<dd>Specifies the IP address of the syslog server.</dd>
<dd>The default value is 127.0.0.1 </dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Port</dt>
<dd>Specifies the port of the syslog server.</dd>
<dd>The default value is 514.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Protocol</dt>
<dd>Specifies the protocol that is used.</dd>
<dd>This value can be tcp or upd.</dd>
<dd>The default value is tcp.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl></p>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Enabled</dt>
<dd>Specifies whether the syslog server connection is enabled.</dd>
<dd>This value can be true or false.</dd>
<dd>The default value is false.<note>When <parmname>Enabled</parmname> is set to <userinput>true</userinput>, <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> attempts to establish a connection to the syslog server. If a connection cannot be established, a <codeph>CWLNA0150 "Unable to connect"</codeph> error is displayed. If <parmname>Enabled</parmname> is set to <userinput>false</userinput>, setting <parmname>LocationType</parmname> to <userinput>syslog</userinput> in <parmname>LogLocation</parmname> fails. If one or more <parmname>LogLocation</parmname> items use syslog, then syslog connectivity cannot be disabled by setting <parmname>Enabled</parmname> to <userinput>false</userinput>. </note></dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</info>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
        </steps>
        <example>The following example updates the syslog server configuration by using
                cURL:<codeblock>curl -X POST \
   -H  'Content-Type: application/json'  \
   -d  '{                       
           "Syslog": {   
             "Host" : "127.0.0.1",    
             "Port" : 514,   
             "Protocol" : "tcp",    
             "Enabled" : true
         }
      }
  '   \
http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/configuration/</codeblock><p>An
                example response to the POST
                method:<codeblock>
{        
  "Version": "v1",
  "Code": "CWLNA6011",
  "Message": "The requested configuration change has completed successfully."
}
</codeblock></p></example>
        <postreq><p>You can view syslog server configuration information by using the <ph
                    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API GET method with the
                following <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> configuration URI:
                    </p><p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/Syslog</codeph></p><p>The
                following example displays syslog server configuration information by using cURL:
                </p><codeph>curl -X GET
                http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/configuration/Syslog</codeph><p>An example response to
                the GET
            method:</p><codeblock>
{
  "Version": "v1",
  "Syslog": {
    "Host": "127.0.0.1",
    "Port": 514,
    "Protocol": "tcp",
    "Enabled": true
  }
}
</codeblock></postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
