<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="changestatexatrans" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Changing the state of an XA transaction branch</title>
<shortdesc>You might have to change the state of an XA transaction branch independently of the
  transaction manager. You can change the state of an XA transaction branch by using the <ph
   conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> or REST Administration APIs.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>During normal XA transaction processing when <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> is acting as
a resource manager in a DTP environment, the two-phase commit process
is controlled by a transaction manager such as <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> and <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> engages with
the transaction manager to ensure completion of this process. There
might be rare occasions when you need to change the state of an XA
transaction branch independently of the transaction manager. The need
for you to change the state of an XA transaction branch might arise
after a loss of connectivity between <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> and the transaction
manager when it is possible that XA transaction branches remain in
prepared state or in a heuristically complete state.</p>
<p>If an XA transaction branch remains in prepared state, it prevents the XA transaction from
   reaching a consistent state and processing results become unpredictable; other transaction
   branches of the XA transaction in other resource managers may all have been committed or rolled
   back. Therefore, it is necessary to change the state of the XA transaction branch so that the
   transaction can reach a consistent state . You can either commit or roll back an XA transaction
   branch when it is in prepared state. You can also forget an XA transaction branch that remains in
   a heuristically complete state. You can apply a heuristic decision to commit, roll back, or
   forget an XA transaction branch by using the <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> or REST Administration APIs.. </p><?Pub Caret 563?>
<p>Implement the heuristic decisions that you make only when you are certain that the transaction
   cannot be resolved by the normal protocols. Implementation might result in the loss of
   transactional integrity between <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> and other
   resource managers.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000002675?>
