<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="configuringadminobjs" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource
adapter for administered objects</title>
<shortdesc>To configure destination objects for use in inbound and
outbound communication, define the properties of an administered destination
object.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>Complete the following steps to create and configure a new J2C
administered destination object by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> panels. <ol>
<li>Log on to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> administrative
console.</li>
<li>Click <menucascade><uicontrol>Resources</uicontrol><uicontrol>Resource
Adapters</uicontrol><uicontrol>J2C administered objects</uicontrol>
</menucascade>. </li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>New</uicontrol>, complete the <uicontrol>Name</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Administered
object class</uicontrol> fields.</li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Apply</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>Click the <uicontrol>J2C administered objects custom properties</uicontrol> link
in the <wintitle>Additional Properties</wintitle> panel to edit.</li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol> to save your changes.</li>
</ol></p>
<p>Table 1 lists the properties of a J2C administered object that
are used to configure the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource adapter
for inbound and outbound communication.</p>
<table><title>J2C administered object properties</title><?Pub Caret -1?>
<desc>List of the properties of a J2C administered object that are
used to configure the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource
adapter for inbound and outbound communication<p outputclass="summary">lists
the properties of a J2C administered object that are used to configure
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource
adapter for inbound and outbound communication.</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="5"><colspec colname="col1" colwidth="11*"/><colspec
colname="col2" colwidth="8*"/><colspec colname="col3" colwidth="17*"/>
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="20*"/><colspec colname="col5"
colwidth="42*"/>
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Name of property</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type </entry>
<entry colname="col3">Valid values</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Default value</entry>
<entry colname="col5">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">name</entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Any valid Unicode string.</entry>
<entry colname="col4"><codeph>null</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col5">The name of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> Topic or Queue.</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000003018?>
