<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="configuringinboundcomms" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource
adapter for outbound communication</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>To configure outbound communication, define the properties
of a ConnectionFactory object and an administered destination object.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>When outbound communication is used, an application that is running
on <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> starts
a connection to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>,
and then sends messages to and receives messages from <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> in a synchronous
manner.</p>
<p>To configure outbound communication, define JCA resources in the
 properties of a ConnectionFactory object, which the application server
uses to create a JMS ConnectionFactory object.</p>
<p>Complete the following steps to create and configure a new ConnectionFactory
by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> panels. <ol>
<li>Log on to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> administrative
console.</li>
<li>Click <menucascade><uicontrol>Resources</uicontrol><uicontrol>Resource
Adapters</uicontrol><uicontrol>J2C connection factories</uicontrol>
</menucascade>. </li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>New</uicontrol> and complete the <uicontrol>Name</uicontrol> and
Connection factory interface fields.</li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Apply</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>Click the <uicontrol>Custom properties</uicontrol> link in the <wintitle>Additional
Properties</wintitle> panel. You can then edit the properties of the
ConnectionFactory object. </li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol> to save your changes.</li>
</ol></p>
<note importance="high">In addition to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> connection factory
settings, you can view connection pool settings for the connection
factory by clicking <menucascade><uicontrol>Resources</uicontrol>
<uicontrol> Resource Adapters</uicontrol><uicontrol>J2C connection
factories</uicontrol><uicontrol> [Connection factory name]</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Connection pool properties</uicontrol></menucascade>. Connection
pool settings can have a significant impact on performance. For information
about connection pool settings, see <xref
href="http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSEQTP_8.5.5/com.ibm.websphere.nd.multiplatform.doc/ae/udat_conpoolset.html"
scope="external">Connection pool settings</xref> in the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> documentation. </note>
<p>Table 1 lists the properties of a ConnectionFactory object that
are used to configure the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource adapter
for outbound communication.</p>
<table><title>ConnectionFactory object properties</title><desc>List
of the properties of a ConnectionFactory object that are used to configure
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource
adapter for outbound communication<p outputclass="summary">lists the
properties of a ConnectionFactory object that are used to configure
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource
adapter for outbound communication.</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="5"><colspec colname="col1" colwidth="22*"/><colspec
colname="col2" colwidth="8*"/><colspec colname="col3" colwidth="16*"/>
<colspec colname="col4" colwidth="14*"/><colspec colname="col5"
colwidth="40*"/>
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Name of property</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type </entry>
<entry colname="col3">Valid values</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Default value</entry>
<entry colname="col5">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">clientId </entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Any valid Unicode string.</entry>
<entry colname="col4"><codeph>null</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>The client ID for this connection.</p><p>Setting client ID is optional in most cases, but is required for non-shared, durable
        subscriptions. If <parmname>clientId</parmname> is set, it must be unique for all
        connections to an <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server. If
         <parmname>clientId</parmname> is not set (and is not required to be set), then the <ph
         conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> JMS client automatically creates a client
        ID. </p><p>The <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> JMS client allows
any valid Unicode string to be used as a client ID. However, you might
prefer to use displayable characters. System generated client IDs
start with an underscore (<q>_</q>), therefore avoid putting an underscore
as an initial character to prevent conflicts. Client IDs that start
with two underscores (<q>__</q>) are reserved for system use.</p><note>If <parmname>clientId</parmname> is
specified, set the maximum connections value for the connection pool
to <codeph>1</codeph>. You can set maximum connections by clicking <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Resources</uicontrol><uicontrol> Resource Adapters</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>J2C connection factories</uicontrol><uicontrol> [Connection
factory name]</uicontrol><uicontrol>Connection pool properties</uicontrol>
</menucascade>.</note></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">convertMessageType</entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3"><codeph>auto</codeph>,  <codeph>bytes</codeph>, <codeph>text</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><codeph>auto</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>The action to take when a message is converted
to JMS from a source that does not indicate the message type.</p><p>If
the message comes from JMS, then this property is not used. When <codeph>bytes</codeph> is
specified, then messages are converted to <codeph>BytesMessage</codeph>.
 When <codeph>text</codeph> is specified, then messages are converted
to <codeph>TextMessage</codeph>.  When <codeph>auto</codeph> is specified,
then the  JMS client automatically determines whether to convert the
message to <codeph>BytesMessage</codeph> or to <codeph>TextMessage</codeph>.</p> </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">password </entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Any valid Unicode string.</entry>
<entry colname="col4"><codeph>null</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>The password for user authentication with <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>. <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> uses this value
if <parmname>user</parmname> is specified. </p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">port </entry>
<entry colname="col2">Numeric</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Value can be in the range of <codeph>1</codeph> - <codeph>65535</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><codeph>0</codeph><p>This default value must
be changed.</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>The <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> TCP port to use
for this connection. </p><p>If there are multiple <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> servers in the
         <parmname>server</parmname> properties list, then all servers use the same port. </p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">protocol </entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3"><codeph>tcp</codeph>, <codeph>tcps</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><codeph>tcp</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>The transmit protocol for communication with
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/MessageSight"/>. </p><p>A value of <codeph>tcp</codeph> indicates a non-secure
connection. A value of <codeph>tcps</codeph> indicates a secure connection.
 If a secure connection is specified, then you must ensure that the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> is correctly
configured. For more information, see <xref format="dita"
href="tlssecurityforjmsra.dita" scope="local" type="concept"></xref>.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">securityConfiguration</entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Any valid Unicode string.</entry>
<entry colname="col4"><codeph>null</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>The name of the <tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="WebSphere">WebSphere</tm> security configuration to use
for this connection.  </p><p>This value is only used if <parmname>protocol</parmname> is
set to <codeph>tcps</codeph>.  Use <parmname>securityConfiguration</parmname> only
if you are not using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> default security
configuration. For more information, see <xref format="dita"
href="tlssecurityforjmsra.dita" scope="local" type="concept"></xref>.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">securitySocketFactory </entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Any valid Unicode string.</entry>
<entry colname="col4"><codeph>null</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>The name of the security socket factory that
is used for establishing secure connections.  </p><p>This value is
only used if <parmname>protocol</parmname> is set to <codeph>tcps</codeph>.
Use <parmname>securitySocketFactory</parmname> only if you are not
using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> default
security socket factory. For more information, see <xref format="dita"
href="tlssecurityforjmsra.dita" scope="local" type="concept"></xref>.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">server</entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Any valid Unicode string.</entry>
<entry colname="col4"><codeph>null</codeph><p>This default value must
be changed.</p></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>A space or comma delimited list of <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> host names or
IP addresses. The resource adapter attempts to connect to each server
in the list until a connection is established. </p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">temporaryQueue</entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Any valid Unicode string.</entry>
<entry colname="col4"><codeph>null</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>Specifies the prototype name for a temporary
queue.</p><p>A unique identifier is appended to this name to form
the actual temporary queue name. Prototype names allow <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> policies to be
assigned to the temporary queue by locating the temporary queue in
a known place in the queue name space. If the prototype contains the
character sequence <codeph>$CLIENTID</codeph>, then that string is
replaced by the client ID of the connection. A temporary queue is
used as the JMS "reply to" destination for request-reply scenarios
in the point-to-point messaging domain.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">temporaryTopic</entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Any valid Unicode string.</entry>
<entry colname="col4"><codeph>null</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>Specifies the prototype name for a temporary
topic. </p><p>A unique identifier is appended to this name to form
the actual temporary topic name. Prototype names  allow <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> policies to be
assigned to the temporary topic by locating the temporary topic in
a known place in the topic tree. If the prototype contains the character
sequence <codeph>$CLIENTID</codeph>, then that string is replaced
by the client ID of the connection. A temporary topic is used as the
JMS "reply to" destination for request-reply scenarios in the publish/subscribe
messaging domain. </p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">transactionSupportLevel</entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3"><codeph>XATransaction</codeph>, <codeph>LocalTransaction</codeph>, <codeph>NoTransaction</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><codeph>XATransaction</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>Specifies the types of transactions to support
for this connection.</p><p>A value of <codeph>XATransaction</codeph> indicates
that global and local transactions are supported. A value of <codeph>LocalTransaction</codeph> indicates
that <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> can
use resource manager local transactions only for this connection.
A value of <codeph>NoTransaction</codeph> indicates that <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> transactions
are not supported for this connection.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">traceLevel </entry>
<entry colname="col2">Numeric</entry>
<entry colname="col3"><codeph>-1</codeph>, or value can be in the
range of <codeph>0</codeph> - <codeph>9</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><codeph>-1</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>The level of trace detail that is provided
in the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>JMS
and resource adapter output for this connection.   </p><p>When set
to <codeph>-1</codeph>, the trace level that is used for this connection
is the ResourceAdapter <parmname>defaultTraceLevel</parmname> setting. </p><p>For
example, <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> is
started with <parmname>defaultTraceLevel</parmname> set to <codeph>4</codeph>.
If an MDB is then started that uses an activation specification with <parmname>traceLevel</parmname> set
to <codeph>-1</codeph>, then the trace level for that MDB and associated
activation specification is <codeph>4</codeph>.</p><p>At level <codeph>0</codeph>,
there is no trace. At level <codeph>9</codeph>, there is a detailed
debug trace. As the trace level is increased, more trace is shown.
Use trace levels of <codeph>5</codeph> or lower to minimize performance
impact and generate a small amount of trace, including stack traces
for all exceptions. Use trace levels of <codeph>6</codeph> - <codeph>9</codeph> for
debugging. Higher log levels can result in a large amount of trace
output and can affect performance.</p><note>If the <parmname>defaultTraceLevel</parmname> is
changed after the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> is
started, then any new or existing activation specifications and connection
factories that are set to use <codeph>-1</codeph> continue to receive
and use the <parmname>defaultTraceLevel</parmname> that was in effect
when the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> started.
The new <parmname>defaultTraceLevel</parmname> value is not used until
the next time the application server is started. </note></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">user </entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Any valid Unicode string.</entry>
<entry colname="col4"><codeph>null</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col5"><p>The user name for user authentication with <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.  <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> always uses this
value if it is provided, unless a security profile is attached to
the endpoint with <parmname>UsePasswordAuthentication</parmname> set
to <codeph>False</codeph>.</p> </entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</conbody>
<?tm 1413224007 1?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000015443?>
