<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="configurationoftheRAobject." xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> ResourceAdapter
object</title>
<shortdesc>The ResourceAdapter object encapsulates the global properties
of the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource
adapter.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> resource adapter RAR file contains a
file that is called <filepath>META-INF/ra.xml</filepath>, which contains a deployment descriptor for
the resource adapter. This deployment descriptor is defined by the XML schema at <xref
href="http://jcp.org/aboutJava/communityprocess/final/jsr322/index.html" scope="external"
format="html"/> and contains information about the resource adapter and the services that it
provides.</p>
<p>Complete the following steps to configure the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> ResourceAdapter
by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> panels.
These instructions assume that the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource adapter
is installed.<ol>
<li>Log on to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> administrative
console.</li>
<li>Click <menucascade><uicontrol>Resources</uicontrol><uicontrol>Resource
Adapters</uicontrol><uicontrol>Resource adapters</uicontrol>
</menucascade>. </li>
<li>Click the <uicontrol>IBM WIoTP Message Gateway Resource Adapter</uicontrol> link.</li>
<li>Click the <uicontrol>Custom properties</uicontrol> link in the <wintitle>Additional
Properties</wintitle> panel. You can then edit the properties of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> ResourceAdapter
object. </li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol> to save your changes.</li>
</ol></p>
<p>The following table lists the properties of the ResourceAdapter object:
<table id="datasimpletable_vyl_vb3_qfb">
<title>Properties of the ResourceAdapter object.</title>
<tgroup cols="4">
<thead>
<row>
<entry>Name of property</entry>
<entry>Type</entry>
<entry>Default value</entry>
<entry>Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>defaultTraceLevel</entry>
<entry>String</entry>
<entry>4<sup><xref format="dita"
href="configurationoftheraobject.dita#configurationoftheRAobject./AtLevel0ThereIsNoTraceAndAtLevel9Th"
scope="local" type="li">1</xref></sup></entry>
<entry>Specifies the level of detail that is provided in <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> JMS client and resource adapter output. The value
can be in the range 0 - 9. </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>dynamicTraceEnabled</entry>
<entry>String</entry>
<entry><filepath>false</filepath>
</entry>
<entry>Specifies whether <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"/> trace level settings
are used for trace messages. When <codeph>dynamicTraceEnabled</codeph> is set to
<codeph>true</codeph>, trace levels can be adjusted at run time by using <tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="WebSphere">WebSphere</tm> diagnostic log and trace level settings. When
<codeph>dynamicTraceEnabled</codeph> is set to <codeph>true</codeph>, the settings for
<codeph>defaultTraceLevel</codeph> in the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
resource adapter and for <codeph>traceLevel</codeph> in J2C connection factories and J2C activation
specifications are ignored. <p>The advantage of using dynamic trace is that it allows the trace
level to be turned up or down while applications are running. The advantage of using the default <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> trace is that it allows different trace levels to
be set for individual activation specifications and connection factories.</p><p>For more information
about configuring runtime trace settings for <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"/>,
see <xref
href="http://pic.dhe.ibm.com/infocenter/wasinfo/v8r5/index.jsp?topic=%2Fcom.ibm.websphere.base.doc%2Fae%2Fttrb_entrrs.html"
scope="external" format="html">Enabling trace on a running server</xref>. For more information about
configuring <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"/> trace settings at server startup
time, see <xref
href="http://pic.dhe.ibm.com/infocenter/wasinfo/v8r5/index.jsp?topic=%2Fcom.ibm.websphere.base.doc%2Fae%2Fttrb_entrss.html"
scope="external" format="html">Enabling trace at server startup</xref>.</p><p>Specifies the level of
detail that is provided in <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> JMS client and
resource adapter output. The value can be in the range 0 - 9.</p><p>You can use the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> trace filter to see <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> trace in the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"/> trace output file. View the supported trace levels
by using the following trace filters:<ul>
<li>To view informational <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> (trace level 4)
output, use: <codeph>MessageSight=info</codeph></li>
<li>To view detailed <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> (trace level 7) output,
use: <codeph>MessageSight=detail</codeph></li>
<li>To view all <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> (trace level 9) output, use:
<codeph>MessageSight=all</codeph></li>
</ul></p><note>If you change the value for <codeph>dynamicTraceEnabled</codeph>, you must stop and
restart the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"/> for the new setting to take effect.
The run time capabilities are available only if <codeph>dynamicTraceEnabled</codeph> is set to
<codeph>true</codeph> when the server is started. </note>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>traceFile</entry>
<entry>String</entry>
<entry><filepath>stdout</filepath></entry>
<entry>Specifies the file that is used to provide <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> JMS client trace and resource adapter trace output.
The value can be <filepath>stdout</filepath>, <filepath>stderr</filepath>, or the path to a
file.</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table></p>
<note><ol>
<li id="AtLevel0ThereIsNoTraceAndAtLevel9Th">At level 0, there is
no trace and at level 9 there is a detailed debug trace.  As the trace
level is increased, more trace is shown. Using trace levels of 5 or
lower should not affect performance and result in a small amount of
trace, including stack traces for all exceptions.  Use trace levels
of 6 to 9 for debugging.  Using higher log levels can result in a
large amount of trace output, which can affect performance.</li>
</ol></note>
</conbody>
<?tm 1413224007 1?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000007683?>
