<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="configuringtlssecurityforthejmsra" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring TLS security for the JMS Resource Adapter</title>
<shortdesc>Configure security for the JMS Resource Adapter (JMS RA)
by using the TLS protocol. The TLS protocol provides transport layer
security, which includes authenticity and data encryption.</shortdesc><?Pub
Caret 163?>
<taskbody>
<context><p>There is one required configuration value and two optional
configuration values that are used to configure security in the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> RA: </p><ul>
<li>protocol</li>
<li importance="optional">securitySocketFactory (optional).<p>You
can set this parameter if <parmname>protocol</parmname> is set to <codeph>tcps</codeph>.
If protocol is not set to <codeph>tcps</codeph>, then the configuration
setting for <parmname>securitySocketFactory</parmname> is not used. </p></li>
<li importance="optional">securityConfiguration (optional). <p>You
can set this parameter if <parmname>protocol</parmname> is set to <codeph>tcps</codeph>.
If protocol is not set to <codeph>tcps</codeph>, then the configuration
setting for <parmname>securityConfiguration</parmname> is not used. </p></li>
</ul></context>
<steps>
<stepsection>To use secure connections in the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> RA,
complete the following steps.</stepsection>
<step><cmd>Set the <parmname>protocol</parmname> configuration value
to <codeph>tcps</codeph>.</cmd><info><p>For inbound connections, set
this value in the activation specification.  For outbound connections,
set this value in the appropriate connection factory configurations.</p></info>
</step>
<step><cmd importance="optional">Set the <parmname>securitySocketFactory</parmname> configuration
value.</cmd><info><p>Use this setting if you want to specify a factory,
instead of using the default security socket factory of the application
server.</p></info></step>
<step><cmd importance="optional">Set the <parmname>securityConfiguration</parmname> configuration
value.</cmd><info><p>Use this setting if you want to provide customized
configuration information for the security socket factory.  When set,
the <parmname>securityConfiguration</parmname> value is passed as
a string argument to the factory constructor.  If the factory does
not provide a constructor that takes a single string argument, then
connection creation fails. </p></info></step>
</steps>
<postreq>On the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph>,
you can specify <parmname>securitySocketFactory</parmname> or <parmname>securityConfiguration</parmname> if
you do not want to use the application server defaults.  If you want
to use the default <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> security
factory with a non-default configuration, then set <parmname>securityConfiguration</parmname> to
the name of a customized Secure Sockets Layer configuration.  For
more information about creating a security configuration for <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph>, see <xref
href="http://pic.dhe.ibm.com/infocenter/wasinfo/v8r5/index.jsp?topic=%2Fcom.ibm.websphere.base.doc%2Fae%2Ftsec_sslconfiguration.html"
scope="external">Creating a Secure Sockets Layer configuration</xref>.</postreq>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003540?>
