<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="configuringinboundcomms" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource
adapter for inbound communication</title>
<shortdesc>To configure inbound communication, define the properties
of one or more ActivationSpec objects.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>The properties of an ActivationSpec object determine how a Message-Driven
bean (MDB) receives JMS messages from <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>. These properties
are used to create all JMS objects that are necessary to receive messages,
including connection, session, and consumer objects. </p>
<p>Complete the following steps to create and configure a new ActivationSpec
by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> panels. <ol>
<li>Log on to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> administrative
console.</li>
<li>Click <menucascade><uicontrol>Resources</uicontrol><uicontrol>Resource
Adapters</uicontrol><uicontrol>J2C activation specifications</uicontrol>
</menucascade>. </li>
<li>Optional: Change the <uicontrol>Scope</uicontrol> setting if required.
The default setting is <codeph>ALL</codeph>. </li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>New</uicontrol> and complete the <uicontrol>Name</uicontrol> field
and the <uicontrol>JNDI name</uicontrol> field for your activation
specification.</li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Apply</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>Click the <uicontrol>J2C activation specification custom properties</uicontrol> link
in the <wintitle>Additional Properties</wintitle> panel. You can then
edit the properties of the ActivationSpec object. </li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol> to save your changes.</li>
</ol></p>
<p>Table 1 lists the properties of an ActivationSpec object that are
used to configure the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource
adapter for inbound communication.</p>
<table><title>ActivationSpec object properties</title><desc>List of
the properties of an ActivationSpec object that are used to configure
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource
adapter for inbound communication.<p outputclass="summary">properties
of an ActivationSpec object that are used to configure the resource
adapter.</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="5"><colspec colname="col1" colwidth="20*"/><colspec
colname="col2" colwidth="8*"/><colspec colname="col3" colwidth="16*"/>
<colspec colname="COLSPEC0" colwidth="12*"/><colspec colname="col4"
colwidth="42*"/>
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Name of property</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Type </entry>
<entry colname="col3">Valid values</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC0">Default value</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">acknowledgeMode</entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3"><codeph>Auto-acknowledge</codeph>, <codeph>Dups-ok-acknowledge</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>Auto-acknowledge</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col4">The mode for acknowledging received messages.<p>When <codeph>Auto-acknowledge</codeph> is
specified, the session automatically acknowledges each message that
is received by the application. When <codeph>Dups-ok-acknowledge</codeph> is
specified, the session acknowledges the messages that are received
by the application at times it selects.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">clientId </entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Any valid Unicode string</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>null</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>The client ID for this connection.</p><p>Setting client ID is optional in most cases, but is required for non-shared, durable
        subscriptions. If <parmname>clientId</parmname> is set, it must be unique for all
        connections to an <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server. If
         <parmname>clientId</parmname> is not set (and is not required to be set), then the <ph
         conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> JMS client automatically creates a client
        ID. </p><p>The <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> JMS client allows
any valid Unicode string to be used as a client ID. However, you might
prefer to use displayable characters. System generated client IDs
start with an underscore (<q>_</q>), therefore avoid using an underscore
as an initial character to prevent conflicts. Client IDs that start
with two underscores (<q>__</q>) are reserved for system use. Therefore,
you cannot use client IDs that start with two underscores.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">clientMessageCache  </entry>
<entry colname="col2">Numeric</entry>
<entry colname="col3"><codeph>-1</codeph>, or <codeph>0</codeph> and
above</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>-1</codeph> </entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>The maximum number of cached messages for
each consumer. </p><p><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> has
built-in default cache sizes. Use the default setting of <codeph>-1</codeph> to
access these default settings. When <codeph>-1</codeph> is specified,
the cache size is set to 1000 for unshared topic subscriptions and
to 0 (no caching) otherwise.</p><p>Using larger values for <parmname>clientMessageCache</parmname> can
improve throughput.  However, in the cases of queues with multiple
consumers, and shared topic subscriptions, use the value of <codeph>0</codeph> to
distribute messages evenly across consumers.  </p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">concurrentConsumers </entry>
<entry colname="col2">Numeric</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Value can be in the range of <codeph>1</codeph> - <codeph>100</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>1</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>The maximum number of consumers on this connection.</p><p>For
topics, this value must not exceed 1, unless <parmname>subscriptionShared</parmname> is
set to <codeph>Shared</codeph>.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">convertMessageType</entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3"><codeph>auto</codeph>,  <codeph>bytes</codeph>, <codeph>text</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>auto</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>The action to take when a message is converted
to JMS from a source that does not indicate the message type.</p><p>If
the message comes from JMS, then this property is not used. When <codeph>bytes</codeph> is
specified, then messages are converted to <codeph>BytesMessage</codeph>.
 When <codeph>text</codeph> is specified, then messages are converted
to <codeph>TextMessage</codeph>.  When <codeph>auto</codeph> is specified,
then the  JMS client automatically determines whether to convert the
message to <codeph>BytesMessage</codeph> or to <codeph>TextMessage</codeph>.</p> </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">destination</entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Any valid Unicode string</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>null</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>The name of the topic or queue from which
messages are received.  </p><p>Specify either the <parmname>destination</parmname> and <parmname>destinationType</parmname> properties
or the <parmname>destinationLookup</parmname> property. If the <parmname>destinationLookup</parmname> property
is set, then the values that are specified for the <parmname>destination</parmname> and <parmname>destinationType</parmname> 
properties are ignored. </p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">destinationLookup </entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Any valid Unicode string</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>null</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>The name of a JNDI object that represents
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> topic
or queue from which messages are received.</p><p>Specify either the <parmname>destination</parmname> and <parmname>destinationType</parmname> properties
or the <parmname>destinationLookup</parmname> property. If the <parmname>destinationLookup</parmname> property
is set, then the values that are specified for the <parmname>destination</parmname> and <parmname>destinationType</parmname> properties
are ignored.</p><p>To use <parmname>destinationLookup</parmname>,
configure the administered object for this destination. For more information,
see <xref format="dita" href="configuringadminobjs.dita" scope="local"
type="concept"></xref>.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">destinationType </entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3"><codeph>javax.jms.Topic</codeph>, <codeph>javax.jms.Queue</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>null</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>The type of destination for a specified destination
value.  </p><p>This property and the <parmname>destination</parmname> property
must be specified if the <parmname>destinationLookup</parmname> property
is not set. If  the <parmname>destinationLookup</parmname> property
is set, then the values that are specified for the <parmname>destination</parmname> and <parmname>destinationType</parmname> properties
are ignored.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">enableRollback </entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3"><codeph>true</codeph>, <codeph>false</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>false</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>Specifies how messages are handled when <codeph>onMessage()</codeph> fails
and the MDB is configured to run with an unspecified transaction context.</p><p>When
a MDB runs in an unspecified transaction context, <parmname>enableRollback</parmname> determines
how to handle a message if an exception is generated from the MDB <codeph>onMessage()</codeph> method. </p><p>A
MDB runs with an unspecified transaction context when configured in
one of the following ways: <ul>
<li>The MDB is configured with transaction-type, <codeph>bean</codeph></li>
<li>The MDB is configured with transaction-type, <codeph>container</codeph> and
the transaction-attribute is <codeph>NotSupported</codeph>.</li>
</ul></p><p>If set to <codeph>false</codeph>, the message is consumed
even if the MDB fails. If set to <codeph>true</codeph>, the message
is rolled back and redelivered if the MDB fails. </p><p>If the MDB
is configured with transaction-type <codeph>container</codeph> and
the  transaction-attribute is <codeph>Required</codeph>, the <parmname>enableRollback</parmname> setting
is ignored. </p></entry>
</row>
<row id="MaxDeliveryFailuresNumeric-1Or0AndA">
<entry colname="col1">maxDeliveryFailures</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Numeric</entry>
<entry colname="col3"><codeph>-1</codeph>, or <codeph>0</codeph> and
above</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>-1</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col4"> <p>The maximum number of <codeph>onMessage()</codeph> failures
that are allowed for the MDB. The message endpoint is paused after
the specified failure count is reached. The default value of <codeph>-1</codeph> indicates
that the failure count is ignored and that the message endpoint is
never paused.</p> <p>The MDB is responsible for handling errors in
the <codeph>onMessage()</codeph> method. However, transient system
issues might cause unexpected failures to occur. Configuring this
value allows the message endpoint to be paused so that the <tm
tmtype="reg" trademark="WebSphere">WebSphere</tm> administrator can
investigate and resolve any issues. After the issues are resolved,
the message endpoint can be resumed. If system issues do not explain
the unexpected failures in <codeph>onMessage()</codeph>, then it is
possible that the MDB does not handle poison messages. For more information
about handling poison messages, see <xref
href="../Developing/devjms_poisonmessages.dita"></xref>.</p><p>The
failure count is a cumulative value and it can include failures for
more than one message. The count is reset to <codeph>0</codeph> for
an MDB only if both of the following conditions are true; <ul>
<li>A message is successfully processed in <codeph>onMessage()</codeph>.</li>
<li>No failures occurred in <codeph>onMessage()</codeph> during the
previous 30 seconds.</li>
</ul> </p><p>If the specified destination is a topic, any message that is published while the MDB is paused is
        lost unless the MDB is configured to use a durable subscription. If the MDB uses a durable
        subscription or if the destination is a queue, it is important to restart the MDB promptly
        after a pause. If the MDB is not restarted after a pause, a backlog of messages can
        accumulate on the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server. </p> <note>To
resume the message endpoint in <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph>, click <uicontrol>Applications
> Application Types > WebSphere enterprise applications</uicontrol> and
then select the application name. On the <wintitle>application</wintitle> panel,
select the <uicontrol>Runtime</uicontrol> tab. Then, select <uicontrol>Manage
message endpoints</uicontrol>.</note> </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">messageSelector </entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3">A selector that is composed of valid Unicode
characters</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>null</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>A JMS message selector that specifies which
messages are selected. The default value of <codeph>null</codeph> indicates
that all messages are selected.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">password </entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Any valid Unicode string</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>null</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>The password for user authentication with <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>. <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> uses this value
if <parmname>user</parmname> is specified. </p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">port </entry>
<entry colname="col2">Numeric</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Value can be in the range of <codeph>1</codeph> - <codeph>65535</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>0</codeph> <p>This default value
must be changed.</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>The <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> TCP port to use
for this connection. </p><p>If there are multiple <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> servers in the
         <parmname>server</parmname> properties list, then all servers use the same port. </p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">protocol </entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3"><codeph>tcp</codeph>, <codeph>tcps</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>tcp</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>The transmit protocol for communication with
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/MessageSight"/>. </p><p>A value of <codeph>tcp</codeph> indicates a non-secure
connection. A value of <codeph>tcps</codeph> indicates a secure connection.
 If a secure connection is specified, then you must ensure that the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> is correctly
configured.  For more information, see <xref format="dita"
href="tlssecurityforjmsra.dita" scope="local" type="concept"></xref>.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">securityConfiguration</entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Any valid Unicode string</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>null</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>The name of the <tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="WebSphere">WebSphere</tm> security configuration to use
for this connection.  </p><p>This value is only used if <parmname>protocol</parmname> is
set to <codeph>tcps</codeph>.  Use <parmname>securityConfiguration</parmname> only
if you are not using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> default security
configuration.  For more information, see <xref format="dita"
href="tlssecurityforjmsra.dita" scope="local" type="concept"></xref>.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">securitySocketFactory </entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Any valid Unicode string</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>null</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>The name of the security socket factory that
is used for establishing secure connections.  </p><p>This value is
only used if <parmname>protocol</parmname> is set to <codeph>tcps</codeph>.
 Use <parmname>securitySocketFactory</parmname> only if you are not
using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> default
security socket factory. For more information, see <xref format="dita"
href="tlssecurityforjmsra.dita" scope="local" type="concept"></xref>.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">server</entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Any valid Unicode string</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>null</codeph><p>This default value
must be changed.</p></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>A space or comma delimited list of <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> host names or
IP addresses. The resource adapter attempts to connect to each server
in the list until a connection is established. </p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">subscriptionDurability </entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3"><codeph>Durable</codeph>, <codeph>NonDurable</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>NonDurable</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>Specifies whether a topic subscription is
durable. This value is ignored if the destination is a queue. </p><p>When
set to <codeph>Durable</codeph>, <parmname>subscriptionName</parmname> must
be set. When set to <codeph>Durable</codeph> with <parmname>subscriptionShared</parmname> set
to <codeph>NonShared</codeph>, then <parmname>clientId</parmname> must
also be set. </p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">subscriptionName </entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Any valid Unicode string</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>null</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>The name for a durable or shared subscription.
 </p><p>This value must be set for any durable or shared subscription.
This value is ignored if the destination is a queue, or if the subscription
is a non-durable unshared subscription. </p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">subscriptionShared </entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3"><codeph>Shared</codeph>, <codeph>NonShared</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>NonShared</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>Specifies whether a subscription is shared
between consumers or not.</p><p>This value is ignored if the destination
is a queue. If set to <codeph>Shared</codeph>, then <parmname>subscriptionName</parmname> must
be set.  If set to <codeph>NonShared</codeph> with  <parmname>subscriptionDurability</parmname> set
to <codeph>Durable</codeph>, then <parmname>clientId</parmname> must
be set.  </p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">traceLevel </entry>
<entry colname="col2">Numeric</entry>
<entry colname="col3"><codeph>-1</codeph>, or value can be in the
range of <codeph>0</codeph> - <codeph>9</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>-1</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>The level of trace detail that is provided
in the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> JMS
client and resource adapter output for this connection.   </p><?Pub
Caret 64?><p>When set to <codeph>-1</codeph>, the trace level that
is used for this connection is the ResourceAdapter <parmname>defaultTraceLevel</parmname> setting. </p><p>For
example, <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> is
started with <parmname>defaultTraceLevel</parmname> set to <codeph>4</codeph>.
If an MDB is then started that uses an activation specification with <parmname>traceLevel</parmname> set
to <codeph>-1</codeph>, then the trace level for that MDB and associated
activation specification is <codeph>4</codeph>.</p><p>At level <codeph>0</codeph>,
there is no trace. At level <codeph>9</codeph>, there is a detailed
debug trace. As the trace level is increased, more trace is shown.
Use trace levels of <codeph>5</codeph> or lower to minimize performance
impact and generate a small amount of trace, including stack traces
for all exceptions. Use trace levels of <codeph>6</codeph> - <codeph>9</codeph> for
debugging. Higher log levels can result in a large amount of trace
output and can affect performance.</p><note>If the <parmname>defaultTraceLevel</parmname> is
changed after the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> is
started, then any new or existing activation specifications and connection
factories that are set to use <codeph>-1</codeph> continue to receive
and use the <parmname>defaultTraceLevel</parmname> that was in effect
when the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> started.
The new <parmname>defaultTraceLevel</parmname> value is not used until
the next time the application server is started. </note></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">user </entry>
<entry colname="col2">String</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Any valid Unicode string</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>null</codeph></entry>
<entry colname="col4"><p>The user name for user authentication with <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.  <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> always uses this
value if it is provided, unless a security profile is attached to
the endpoint with <parmname>UsePasswordAuthentication</parmname> set
to <codeph>False</codeph>. </p> </entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
<section id="Wildcardra"><title>Wildcards</title><p>Wildcards are
supported for inbound communication when you use topics. For more
information about wildcards, see <xref format="dita"
href="../Overview/ov00032.dita" scope="local" type="concept">Wildcards</xref>.</p></section>
</conbody>
<?tm 1413224007 2?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000022397?>
