<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="considerationsformsgordering" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> resource adapter to preserve message order</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>Message order is important to some asynchronous messaging
applications where messages must be processed in the same order in
which the producer sends them. Your design must take message order
into account if message order is important to your application.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>One example where message order is important might be
a messaging application that processes seat reservations. The messaging
application might have producer components and a consumer component.
A producer component sends a message to the consumer component when
a customer reserves a seat. If the customer cancels the reservation,
then the producer sends a second message. Typically, the consumer
component must process the first message (which reserves the seat)
before it processes the second message (which cancels the reservation).</p><p>Some
applications use a synchronous request-response pattern where the
producer waits for a response to each message before sending the next
message. In this type of application, the consumer controls the order
in which it receives the messages. The consumer can ensure that the
order in which messages are received matches the order in which the
producer or producers are sending the messages. Other applications
use an asynchronous <varname>fire and forget</varname> pattern where
the producer sends messages without waiting for responses. Even for
this type of application, order is usually preserved. A consumer receives
messages in the same order as the producer or producers send them,
especially when there is a significant time between sending consecutive
messages. However, your design must consider factors that can disrupt
this order.</p><p>The order of messages is disrupted if your application
explicitly receives a message other than the first by specifying message
selectors. Parallel processing by using concurrent consumers and error
or exception processing can also affect message order.</p><p>Consider
the following property settings when you configure the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource adapter
to ensure that messages are processed in the same order in which they
are received. </p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Download and install the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource adapter.</cmd>
<tutorialinfo><p>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> resource adapter is available to
download as part of the JMS client. The JMS client can be obtained from the <xref format="html"
href="https://www.ibm.com/developerworks/community/blogs/c565c720-fe84-4f63-873f-607d87787327/entry/download?lang=en"
scope="external">Downloads page</xref> in the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Messaging
Community at <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="developerWorks">developerWorks</tm>. Click
<uicontrol>Download IBM Watson IoT Platform - Message Gateway JMS Client Pack</uicontrol>.</p><p>After the download
completes, you can install the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource adapter
on your <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph>.
For more information about installing, see <xref format="dita"
href="installingra.dita" scope="local" type="task"></xref>.</p></tutorialinfo>
</step>
<step><cmd>Configure an endpoint and setup connection and messaging
policies.</cmd><info><p>You must configure an endpoint that supports
the JMS protocol for <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> to
connect to. For more information about configuring an endpoint, see <xref
format="dita" href="ad00360_.dita" scope="local" type="concept">Configuring
message hubs</xref>.</p></info>
<choices>
<choice><p> Create the following policies for inbound communications
when using topics:</p><ul>
<li>A connection policy to allow <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> to connect to
the configured endpoint over JMS.  For more information, see <xref
format="dita" href="../Security/se00003_.dita" scope="local"
type="concept">Authorizing client connections</xref>.</li>
<li>A topic messaging policy to allow <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> to subscribe
to a topic over JMS.  For more information, see <xref format="dita"
href="../Security/se00015_.dita" scope="local" type="concept">Topic
messaging policy</xref>.</li>
</ul><p></p></choice>
<choice><p>Create the following policies for inbound communications
when using queues:</p><ul>
<li>A connection policy to allow <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> to connect to
the configured endpoint over JMS.  For more information, see <xref
format="dita" href="../Security/se00003_.dita" scope="local"
type="concept">Authorizing client connections</xref>.</li>
<li>A queue messaging policy to allow <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> to receive messages
over JMS.  For more information, see <xref format="dita"
href="../Security/se00016_.dita" scope="local" type="concept">Queue
messaging policy</xref>.</li>
</ul><p></p></choice>
</choices>
<tutorialinfo></tutorialinfo></step>
<step>
<cmd>Configure the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> resource adapter properties for inbound communication. For more information, see <xref
format="dita" href="jmstopicconfigmsgordering.dita" scope="local" type="concept">Configuring the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> resource adapter to preserve message order for inbound communication</xref>. If your MDB is configured to use global transactions, see <xref
format="dita" href="ad00777.dita" scope="local" type="concept"
>Message order limitations with the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> resource adapter</xref>.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Deploy and start your MDB if applicable.</cmd></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<?tm 1413224009 4?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000006246?>
