<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="considerationsHA" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource
adapter for scaling within a single <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph></title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>In this configuration, the number of concurrent consumers
are increased within a single <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph>. Scaling the
number of consumers enables messages to be processed concurrently.
If messages are processed concurrently, then message order cannot
be preserved.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>Complete the following steps to configure the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource adapter
to support scaling within a single <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph>. This configuration
is useful if your MDB's <codeph>onMessage()</codeph> call is slow.</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Download and install the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource adapter.</cmd>
<tutorialinfo><p>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> resource adapter is available to
download as part of the JMS client. The JMS client can be obtained from the <xref format="html"
href="https://www.ibm.com/developerworks/community/blogs/c565c720-fe84-4f63-873f-607d87787327/entry/download?lang=en"
scope="external">Downloads page</xref> in the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Messaging
Community at <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="developerWorks">developerWorks</tm>. Click
<uicontrol>Download IBM Watson IoT Platform - Message Gateway JMS Client Pack</uicontrol>.</p><p>After the download
is complete, you can install the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource adapter
on your <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph>.
For more information about installing, see <xref format="dita"
href="installingra.dita" scope="local" type="task"></xref>.</p></tutorialinfo>
</step>
<step><cmd>Configure an endpoint and setup connection and messaging
policies.</cmd><info><p>You must configure an endpoint that supports
the JMS protocol for your <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> to connect to.
For more information about configuring an endpoint, see <xref
format="dita" href="ad00360_.dita" scope="local" type="concept">Configuring
message hubs</xref>.</p></info>
<choices>
<choice><p> Create the following policies for inbound communications
when using topics:</p><ul>
<li>A connection policy to allow your <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> to connect to
the configured endpoint over JMS.  For more information, see <xref
format="dita" href="../Security/se00003_.dita" scope="local"
type="concept">Authorizing client connections</xref>.</li>
<li>A topic messaging policy to allow your <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> to subscribe
to a topic over JMS.  For more information, see <xref format="dita"
href="../Security/se00015_.dita" scope="local" type="concept">Topic
messaging policy</xref>.</li>
</ul><p></p></choice>
<choice><p>Create the following policies for inbound communications
when using queues:</p><ul>
<li>A connection policy to allow your <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> to connect to
the configured endpoint over JMS.  For more information, see <xref
format="dita" href="../Security/se00003_.dita" scope="local"
type="concept">Authorizing client connections</xref>.</li>
<li>A queue messaging policy to allow your <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> to receive messages
over JMS.  For more information, see <xref format="dita"
href="../Security/se00016_.dita" scope="local" type="concept">Queue
messaging policy</xref>.</li>
</ul><p></p></choice>
</choices>
<tutorialinfo></tutorialinfo></step>
<step><cmd>Configure <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource
adapter properties for one or more of the following options:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice><p>Inbound communication when using queues. For more information,
see <xref format="dita" href="jmstopicconfigsingleserver.dita"
scope="local" type="concept"></xref>.</p></choice>
<choice><p>Inbound communication when using topics. For more information,
see <xref format="dita" href="jmsqconfigsingleserver.dita" scope="local"
type="concept"></xref>.</p></choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step><cmd>Deploy and start your MDB if applicable.</cmd></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<?tm 1413224009 2?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000004692?>
