<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="considerationsHA" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource
adapter for high availability</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> might
experience planned and unplanned outages. High availability (HA) provides
the ability for messaging services to withstand outages and continue
providing processing capability.  Consider the following property
settings when you configure the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource adapter
for HA. </shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq><p>When you develop applications, you might want to consider the quality of service and subscription
    durability that you set. If a message is published as QoS 0, then the message is not persistent
    and is not stored on the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server. The
    message might be lost if the publisher is disconnected, or if the server fails. If a subscriber
    is disconnected at the time the server receives the published message, the subscriber might not
    receive the message. A non-durable subscription is not persisted and is deleted (together with
    any undelivered messages that are associated with it) when a subscriber is closed or when the
     <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server or <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"/> restarts after a failure event. </p><p>For more information about developing MQTT
applications and developing MQTT applications for high availability,
see <xref format="dita" href="../Developing/devmqttapp.dita"
scope="local" type="concept">Developing MQTT applications</xref>.
For more information about developing JMS applications, see <xref
format="dita" href="../Developing/devjmsapp.dita" scope="peer"
type="concept">Developing JMS applications</xref>.</p></prereq>
<context><p>Complete the following steps to configure the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource adapter
to support HA.</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Download and install the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource adapter.</cmd>
<tutorialinfo><p>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> resource adapter is available to
download as part of the JMS client. The JMS client can be obtained from the <xref format="html"
href="https://www.ibm.com/developerworks/community/blogs/c565c720-fe84-4f63-873f-607d87787327/entry/download?lang=en"
scope="external">Downloads page</xref> in the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Messaging
Community at <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="developerWorks">developerWorks</tm>. Click
<uicontrol>Download IBM Watson IoT Platform - Message Gateway JMS Client Pack</uicontrol>.</p><p>After the download
completes, you can install the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource adapter
on your <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph>.
For more information about installing, see <xref format="dita"
href="installingra.dita" scope="local" type="task"></xref>.</p></tutorialinfo>
</step>
<step><cmd>Configure an endpoint and setup connection and messaging
policies.</cmd><info><p>You must configure an endpoint that supports
the JMS protocol for <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> to
connect to. For more information about configuring an endpoint, see <xref
format="dita" href="ad00360_.dita" scope="local" type="concept">Configuring
message hubs</xref>.</p></info>
<choices>
<choice><p> Create the following policies for inbound communications
when using topics:</p><ul>
<li>A connection policy to allow <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> to connect to
the configured endpoint over JMS.  For more information, see <xref
format="dita" href="../Security/se00003_.dita" scope="local"
type="concept">Authorizing client connections</xref>.</li>
<li>A topic messaging policy to allow <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> to subscribe
to a topic over JMS.  For more information, see <xref format="dita"
href="../Security/se00015_.dita" scope="local" type="concept">Topic
messaging policy</xref>.</li>
</ul><p></p></choice>
<choice><p>Create the following policies for inbound communications
when using queues:</p><ul>
<li>A connection policy to allow <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> to connect to
the configured endpoint over JMS.  For more information, see <xref
format="dita" href="../Security/se00003_.dita" scope="local"
type="concept">Authorizing client connections</xref>.</li>
<li>A queue messaging policy to allow <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> to receive messages
over JMS.  For more information, see <xref format="dita"
href="../Security/se00016_.dita" scope="local" type="concept">Queue
messaging policy</xref>.</li>
</ul><p></p></choice>
</choices>
<tutorialinfo></tutorialinfo></step>
<step><cmd>Configure <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource
adapter properties for one or more of the following options:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice><p>Inbound communication when using topics. For more information,
see <xref format="dita" href="jmstopicconfigHA.dita" scope="local"
type="concept"></xref>.</p></choice>
<choice><p>Inbound communication when using queues. For more information,
see <xref format="dita" href="jmsqconfigHA.dita" scope="local"
type="concept"></xref>.</p></choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step><cmd>Deploy and start your MDB if applicable.</cmd></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<?tm 1413224009 2?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000005778?>
