<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="considerationsforclustering" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource
adapter in a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> cluster</title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>The rapid growth of mobile devices is resulting in an increase
in the volume of data that flows into an enterprise. To manage the
volume of data, the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource
adapter can be installed and configured to support horizontal scaling
across a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> cluster. </shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> can
handle a large volume of data that application servers might not be
able to process as quickly. To handle the volume of data in a <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> cluster, you
might want to enable concurrent MDB instances on multiple application
servers in order to support horizontal scaling. Each application server
has its own connection. Complete the following steps to configure
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource
adapter in a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> cluster.</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Download and install the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource adapter.</cmd>
<tutorialinfo><p>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> resource adapter is available to
download as part of the JMS client. The JMS client can be obtained from the <xref format="html"
href="https://www.ibm.com/developerworks/community/blogs/c565c720-fe84-4f63-873f-607d87787327/entry/download?lang=en"
scope="external">Downloads page</xref> in the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Messaging
Community at <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="developerWorks">developerWorks</tm>. Click
<uicontrol>Download IBM Watson IoT Platform - Message Gateway JMS Client Pack</uicontrol>.</p><p>After the download
is complete, you can install the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource adapter
in your <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> cluster. </p><p>You
must install the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource
adapter on each node in the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> cluster. You
can then choose one of the following installation options:</p><ul>
<li>Create a resource adapter instance from the installed RAR file
at the cluster scope. Creating an instance at the cluster scope means
that you can configure your J2C connection factories, activation specifications,
and administered objects at cluster level rather than at node level.</li>
<li>Create your J2C connection factories, activation specifications,
and administered objects at node level on each of the nodes in your
cluster. </li>
</ul></tutorialinfo></step>
<step><cmd>Configure an endpoint and setup connection and messaging
policies.</cmd><info><p>You must configure an endpoint that supports
the JMS protocol for the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> to connect to.
For more information about configuring an endpoint, see <xref
format="dita" href="ad00360_.dita" scope="local" type="concept">Configuring
message hubs</xref>.</p></info>
<choices>
<choice><p> For inbound communications by using topics, create the
following policies:</p><ul>
<li>One or more connection policies to allow a <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> to connect to
the configured endpoint over JMS.  For more information, see <xref
format="dita" href="../Security/se00003_.dita" scope="local"
type="concept">Authorizing client connections</xref>.</li>
<li>One or more topic messaging policies to allow a <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> to subscribe
to the topic over JMS.  For more information, see <xref format="dita"
href="../Security/se00015_.dita" scope="local" type="concept">Topic
messaging policy</xref>.</li>
<li>If you are using global-shared durable subscriptions, you must
create one or more subscription messaging policies. Subscription messaging
policies specify which clients can create, modify, and delete global-shared
durable subscriptions. Subscription messaging policies also specify
which clients can receive messages from global-shared durable subscriptions.
For more information, see <xref format="dita"
href="../Security/se00014_.dita" scope="local" type="concept">Subscription
messaging policy</xref>. </li>
</ul><p></p></choice>
<choice><p> For inbound communications by using queues, create the
following policies:</p><ul>
<li>One or more connection policies to allow a <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> to connect to
the configured endpoint over JMS.  For more information, see <xref
format="dita" href="../Security/se00003_.dita" scope="local"
type="concept">Authorizing client connections</xref>.</li>
<li>One or more queue messaging policies to allow a <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> to receive messages
over JMS.  For more information, see <xref format="dita"
href="../Security/se00016_.dita" scope="local" type="concept">Queue
messaging policy</xref>.</li>
</ul><p></p></choice>
</choices>
<tutorialinfo></tutorialinfo></step>
<step><cmd>Configure the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource adapter
properties for one or more of the following options:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice><p>Inbound communication by using topics. For more information,
see <xref format="dita" href="jmstopicconfig.dita" scope="local"
type="concept"></xref></p></choice>
<choice><p>Inbound communication by using queues. For more information,
see <xref format="dita" href="jmsqconfig.dita" scope="local"
type="concept"></xref></p></choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step><cmd>Deploy and start your MDB if appropriate.</cmd></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<?tm 1413224008 2?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000006179?>
