<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="dv00002" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Deleting a protocol plug-in by using the command line</title>
<shortdesc>Delete a protocol plug-in by using the <cmdname>imaserver
delete Plugin</cmdname> command on the command line. </shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<steps>
<step importance="optional">
<cmd importance="optional">Find the name of the plug-in you want to delete. To delete a protocol
plug-in, you must specify the name of the plug-in. This value is specified by the
<parmname>Name</parmname> property in the descriptor file. You can find this value by entering the
following command: </cmd>
<info>
<p><codeph>imaserver list Plugin</codeph></p>
</info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Delete the protocol plug-in by entering the following command:</cmd>
<info><p><codeph>imaserver delete Plugin "Name=<varname>plugin_name</varname>" </codeph></p><p>Where <dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>plugin_name</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the plug-in that you want to delete.</dd>
<dd>The value of <varname>plugin_name</varname> is specified by the <parmname>Name</parmname> property
in the descriptor file. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></p></info></step>
<step>
<cmd>Restart the <tm trademark="IBM" tmtype="reg"
><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> plug-in server by using the following commands: </cmd>
<info>
<p><codeph>imaserver stop plugin</codeph></p>
<p><codeph>imaserver start plugin</codeph></p>
</info>
</step>
</steps>
<example>
<p>The following example shows the steps to delete a protocol plug-in file that is called <codeph>jsonmsg</codeph>.<codeblock>admin@(none)> imaserver delete Plugin "Name=jsonmsg"
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
The plug-in server must be restarted.
admin@(none)> imaserver stop plugin
The plug-in server is stopped.
admin@(none)> imaserver start plugin
The plug-in server is started. 
admin@(none)></codeblock><?Pub Caret 257?></p>
</example>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002854?>
