<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="dv00013" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Viewing the status of the protocol plug-in server process</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>System administrators can view the status of the protocol plug-in server process by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API GET method. </shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<taskbody>
<steps-unordered>
<step>
<cmd>To view the status of the protocol plug-in server process, use the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API GET method with the following <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> configuration URI:</cmd>
<info>
<p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/service/status/Plugin</codeph></p>
<note>The status of the protocol plug-in server process is also returned as part of the data that is returned from the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API GET method with the following URI:</note>
<p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/service/status</codeph></p>
</info>
</step>
</steps-unordered>
<result>The following protocol plug-in server status information is returned:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Status</dt>
<dd>The status of the protocol plug-in server process. Possible values, and their meanings, are:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Active</dt>
<dd>The protocol plug-in server process is running. The protocol plug-in is active after you install a protocol plug-in.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Inactive</dt>
<dd>The protocol plug-in server process is not running.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl></dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Enabled</dt>
<dd>Whether the protocol plug-in server process is enabled. Possible values, and their meanings, are:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>true</dt>
<dd>The protocol plug-in server process is enabled. The protocol plug-in server process is enabled when you restart the plug-in server process after you install a protocol plug-in.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>false</dt>
<dd>The protocol plug-in server process is not enabled. The protocol plug-in server process is disabled when you restart the plug-in server process after you delete all protocol plug-ins. </dd>
</dlentry>
</dl></dd>
</dlentry>
</dl></result>
<example>
<p>The following example demonstrates displaying the status of the protocol plug-in server process when no protocol plug-ins are installed by using cURL. </p>
<codeblock>curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/service/status/Plugin
</codeblock>
<p>The following example shows an example response to the GET method:</p>
<codeblock>
{ 
  "Version":"v1", 
  "Plugin": { 
    "Status": "Inactive",
    "Enabled": false
  }
}
</codeblock>
</example>
</taskbody>
</task>
