<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="dv00019" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Uploading and applying a pre-shared key file by using <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/></title>
  <!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
  <!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
  <!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
  <shortdesc>System administrators can upload a pre-shared key file to <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> by using the <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API FILE method. System administrators
    can then apply the pre-shared key file by using the <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API POST method. </shortdesc>
  <!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
  <!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
  <taskbody>
    <context>
      <p>You can upload a pre-shared key file by using the <ph
          conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API FILE method. You can then apply
        the pre-shared key file by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
        REST API POST method. If you apply a new pre-shared key file, the existing pre-shared key
        file is overwritten without warning.</p>
    </context>
    <steps>
      <step id="1">
        <cmd>Upload a pre-shared key file to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> by
          using the following <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API PUT
          method: </cmd>
        <info>
          <p><codeph>curl -X PUT -T &lt;PreSharedKeyFilePath and FileName>
              http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/file/&lt;PreSharedKeyFileName></codeph></p>
          <note>The supported file format of a pre-shared key file is CSV. </note>
        </info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Use the REST API POST method to apply the pre-shared key file and provide pre-shared
          key object configuration data in the payload:</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Apply the pre-shared key file, by using the <ph
                conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API POST
              method with the following <ph
                conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> configuration
              URI:</cmd>
            <info>
              <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/</codeph></p>
            </info>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Provide pre-shared key object configuration data in the payload of the POST method
              by using the following schema. <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to
                <userinput>application/json</userinput>. Ensure that capitalization and double
              quotation marks are used as shown. </cmd>
            <info><codeblock>
{  
  "PreSharedKey":"&lt;PreSharedKeyFileName>"
}</codeblock>Where:<dl>
                <dlentry>
                  <dt><varname>PreSharedKeyFileName</varname></dt>
                  <dd>Required.</dd>
                  <dd>Specifies the name of the pre-shared key file.</dd>
                </dlentry>
              </dl></info>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <example>The following example shows uploading a pre-shared key file by using
      cURL:<codeblock>
curl -X PUT -T /var/tmp/MyPreSharedKeyFile.csv http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/file/myPSKfile_201603016.csv
</codeblock>The
      following example shows applying a pre-shared key file called "myPSKfile_201603016.csv" by
      using
      cURL:<codeblock>
curl -X POST \
   -H 'Content-Type: application/json'  \
   -d  '{
         "PreSharedKey": "myPSKfile_201603016.csv"  
        }
      '  \
http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/configuration/</codeblock>The
      following shows an example response to the POST
      method.<codeblock>
{        
  "Version": "v1",
  "Code": "CWLNA6011",
  "Message": "The requested configuration change has completed successfully."
}
</codeblock><?Pub Caret 340?></example>
  </taskbody>
</task>
