<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="dv00003" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Updating a protocol plug-in by using the command line</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>Update an installed protocol plug-in by using the <cmdname>imaserver update Plugin</cmdname> command on the command line. </shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<taskbody>
<prereq>To update a protocol plug-in, it must previously have been deployed in <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>. The plug-in must be archived in a zip file.
            This zip file must contain the JAR file (or files) that implement the plug-in for the
            target protocol. The zip file must also contain a JSON descriptor file that describes
            the plug-in content. This descriptor file is required in the zip archive that is used to
            deploy a protocol plug-in. For more information about developing a protocol plug-in, see
                <xref format="dita" href="../Developing/devplug-in.dita" scope="peer"/>.</prereq>
<steps>
<step>
<cmd>Update the plug-in by entering the following command:</cmd>
<info>
<p><codeph>imaserver update Plugin "File=<varname>zipfilename</varname>" </codeph></p>
<p>Where:<ul>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>zipfilename</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the protocol plug-in file that you want to update. This is the name of the file that you previously uploaded by using the <cmdname>file get</cmdname> command.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
</ul></p>
</info>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Stop and restart the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> plug-in server process by using the
                    following commands: </cmd>
                <info>
                    <p><codeph>imaserver stop plugin </codeph></p>
                    <p><codeph>imaserver start plugin </codeph></p>
                <p>The update of the plug-in takes effect only when the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
                        plug-in server process is restarted. The plug-in can be updated at any time,
                        but the update is not effective until the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> plug-in server
                        process is restarted.</p>
                </info>
            </step>
<step>
                <cmd>Update the configuration of your endpoint, connection policy, and messaging policy to authorize the new protocol if necessary. For more information about configuring endpoints, connection policies, and messaging policies, see <xref
                    format="dita" href="../Administering/ad00360_.dita" scope="local"
                    >Configuring message hubs</xref>.</cmd>
            </step>
</steps>
<example>The following example shows the steps to update a protocol plug-in file that is called
                <codeph>jsonmsg</codeph>.<codeblock>admin@(none)> imaserver update Plugin "File=jsonmsg.zip"
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
The plug-in server must be restarted.
admin@(none)> imaserver stop plugin
The plug-in server is stopped.
admin@(none)> imaserver start plugin
The plug-in server is started. 
jms
jsonmsg
</codeblock></example>
</taskbody>
</task>
