<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="installinwascluster" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource
adapter for a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> cluster</title>
<shortdesc>The rapid growth of mobile devices is resulting in an increase
in the volume of data that flows into an enterprise. To manage the
volume of data, the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource
adapter can be installed and configured to support horizontal scaling
across a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> cluster. </shortdesc>
<conbody>
<section><title>Overview</title><p><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> can handle a
large volume of data that application servers might not be able to
process as quickly. To handle the volume of data in a cluster of application
servers, you might want to enable concurrent MDB instances on multiple
application servers in order to support horizontal scaling. Each application
server has its own connection. Complete the following steps to configure
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource
adapter for a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> cluster.</p></section>
<section><title>Download and Install the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource adapter</title><p>The <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource adapter
is available to download as part of the JMS client. The JMS client
can be obtained from the <xref format="html"
href="https://www.ibm.com/developerworks/community/blogs/c565c720-fe84-4f63-873f-607d87787327/entry/download?lang=en"
scope="external">Downloads page</xref> in the <tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Messaging Community at <tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="developerWorks">developerWorks</tm>. Click <uicontrol>Download
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> JMS Client Pack</uicontrol>.</p><p>Once the download
has completed, you can install the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource adapter
in your <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> cluster.
You must install the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> at
the cluster scope. Installing the adapter at the cluster scope creates
a placeholder for your connection factories so that you do not need
to create connection factories at node level. You also must install
the resource adapter on each node in your cluster so that the cluster-scope
resource adapter can function properly on each node. For more information
about installing, see <xref
href="http://www14.software.ibm.com/webapp/wsbroker/redirect?version=phil&amp;product=was-nd-mp&amp;topic=crtresadp"
scope="external">Installing a resource adapter archive</xref> topic
in the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> information
center version 8.5.</p></section>
<section><title>Configure an endpoint</title><p>You must configure
an endpoint for <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> to
connect to. For more information about configuring an endpoint, see <xref
format="dita" href="ad00360_.dita" scope="local" type="concept">Configuring
message hubs</xref>.</p></section>
<section><title>Configure <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource adapter
properties for queues and topics</title><p>For information about configuring
properties for use with queues, see <xref format="dita"
href="jmsqconfig.dita" scope="local" type="concept">Configuration
for queues</xref>.</p><p>For information about configuring properties
for use with topics, see <xref format="dita" href="jmstopicconfig.dita"
scope="local" type="concept">Configuration for topics</xref>.</p></section><?Pub
Caret -1?>
<section><title>Deploy and start your MDB</title></section>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000004079?>
