<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="installingRA" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Installing <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource
adapter on <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph></title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>Install the adapter into <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> and make the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource adapter
available to applications.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq><p>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> resource adapter is available as part of
the JMS client download. The JMS client can be obtained from the <xref format="html"
href="https://www.ibm.com/developerworks/downloads/iot/messagesight/index.html" scope="external"><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM_prev_prev"/> page</xref> on <tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="developerWorks">developerWorks</tm>.</p></prereq>
<context>Complete the following steps to install the adapter into <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> and make the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource adapter
(<filepath>ima.jmsra.rar</filepath> file) available to applications.</context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>From the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> administrative
console, select <uicontrol>Resources</uicontrol> > <uicontrol>Resource
Adapters</uicontrol> > <uicontrol>Resource adapters</uicontrol>, and
select the appropriate scope for your configuration.</cmd><info>Scope
specifies the level at which the resource definition is visible. </info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Install RAR</uicontrol> to install a new
resource adapter.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Enter the path to the <filepath>ima.jmsra.rar</filepath> file.
You can either upload a <filepath>ima.jmsra.rar</filepath> file from
the local file system or specify an existing <filepath>ima.jmsra.rar</filepath> file
on any of the nodes in your cell context.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select the node where you want to install the <filepath>ima.jmsra.rar</filepath> file.
You must install the file on each node separately.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>The <wintitle>Configuration</wintitle> window for the resource
adapter that is selected opens. The <wintitle>Configuration</wintitle> window
shows information that is gathered from the deployment descriptor.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Save the configuration.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd importance="optional">Synchronize the nodes if appropriate
for your environment.</cmd></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<?tm 1413224006 2?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003015?>
