<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="JMSQconfigHA" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource
adapter for high availability when you use queues</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>When you want to set up <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource adapter
in a highly available configuration, you must consider the values
that are assigned to the following activation specification properties.
 </shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>You must configure a <codeph>clientId</codeph> in this scenario.
JMS allows only one connection per <codeph>clientId</codeph>. Set <codeph>clientId</codeph> so
that only the <q>live</q> application server can connect to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>. The <q>live</q> application
server is the server that is processing messages. </p>
<section><title>Configuring the resource adapter properties to support
high availability for inbound communication</title><p><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Activation specification configuration</dt>
<dd><p>Consider the settings of the following activation specification properties when you configure the
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> resource adapter for high availability:<ul>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>clientId </dt>
<dd>The client ID for this connection. </dd>
<dd>You might want to set a client ID so that you can restrict connections into <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> based on the client ID that is specified in the
connection policy. Using a client ID ensures that only one <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="WebSphere"
>WebSphere</tm> Application Server can connect at a time. You can also limit the actions that a
connected client can perform based on client ID that is specified in the messaging policy.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>server</dt>
<dd>A comma or space separated list of the two host names or IP addresses for the primary and the
             standby <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> servers. For example,
              <codeph>9.1.2.3,9.1.2.4</codeph>.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>port</dt>
<dd>The port of the endpoint that you configured.</dd>
<dd>If there are multiple <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> servers in the
              <codeph>server</codeph> properties list, then all servers use the same port. </dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>concurrentConsumers </dt>
<dd>The maximum number of consumers on this connection. </dd>
<dd>You can tune the value of this parameter to enable multiple instances of the MDB to run in
parallel to help to improve throughput</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>clientMessageCache </dt>
<dd>The maximum number of cached messages for each consumer. </dd>
<dd><codeph>clientMessageCache</codeph> allows <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> and the MDB to consume a number of
messages at the same time. A higher setting increases throughput, but can result in uneven message
distribution. </dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
</ul></p><p>Specify one of the following options:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>destination and destinationType</dt>
<dd><parmname>destination</parmname> specifies the name of the topic
from which messages are received. <parmname>destinationType</parmname> specifies
the type of destination. </dd>
<dd>The value of <parmname>destinationType</parmname> must be set
to <codeph>javax.jms.Queue</codeph>. </dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>destinationLookup </dt>
<dd>The name of a JNDI object that represents the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> queue
from which messages are received.  </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></p></dd>
</dlentry></dl></p></section>
</conbody>
<?tm 1413224009 1?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000004031?>
