<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="JMSQconfigoutbound" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource
adapter for outbound communication when you use queues in a <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> cluster</title>
<shortdesc>When you use queues with the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource adapter
in a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> cluster,
you must consider the values that are assigned to the connection factory
properties.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>Do not configure a <codeph>clientId</codeph> in this scenario as
JMS allows only one connection per <codeph>clientId</codeph>. In this
scenario, as multiple application servers are used and therefore multiple
connections are made, a <codeph>clientId</codeph> cannot be used.</p>
<section><title>Configuring the resource adapter properties in <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> cluster for outbound
communication</title><p><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Connection factory configuration</dt>
<dd><p>You must set the following connection factory properties for
queues when you configure the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource adapter
for outbound communication in a <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> cluster:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>server</dt>
<dd>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> host
name or IP address. </dd>
<dd>You must specify the host name or IP address of the endpoint that
you configured.</dd>
</dlentry></dl><?Pub Caret 78?></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>port</dt>
<dd>The port of the endpoint that you configured.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>traceLevel</dt>
<dd>The level of trace detail that is provided in the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> JMS
and resource adapter output for this connection. </dd>
<dd>Higher log levels can result in a large amount of trace output
and can affect performance.  Use trace levels of 5 or lower to minimize
performance impact and generate a small amount of trace, including
stack traces for all exceptions.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></p></dd>
</dlentry></dl></p></section>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000002437?>
