<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="JMSQconfig" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource
adapter for inbound communication when you use queues in a <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> cluster </title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>When you use queues with the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource adapter
in a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> cluster,
you must consider the values that are assigned to the activation specification
properties.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>Do not configure a <codeph>clientId</codeph> in this scenario as
JMS allows only one connection per <codeph>clientId</codeph>. In this
scenario, as multiple application servers are used and therefore multiple
connections are made, a <codeph>clientId</codeph> cannot be used.</p>
<section><title>Configure the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource adapter
properties</title><p><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Activation specification configuration</dt>
<dd><p>Consider the settings of the following activation specification
properties when you configure the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource adapter
for inbound communication in a <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> cluster:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>server</dt>
<dd>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> host
name or IP address. </dd>
<dd>You must specify the host name or IP address of the endpoint that
you configured.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>port</dt>
<dd>The port of the endpoint that you configured.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>concurrentConsumers </dt>
<dd>The maximum number of consumers on this connection. </dd>
<dd>You can tune the value of this parameter to enable multiple instances
of the MDB to run in parallel to help to improve throughput</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>clientMessageCache</dt>
<dd>The maximum number of cached messages for each consumer. </dd>
<dd><codeph>clientMessageCache</codeph> allows <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> and the MDB to
consume a number of messages at the same time. A higher setting increases
throughput, but can result in uneven message distribution. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></p><p>Specify one of the following options:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>destination and destinationType</dt>
<dd><parmname>destination</parmname> specifies the name of the topic
from which messages are received. <parmname>destinationType</parmname> specifies
the type of destination. </dd>
<dd>The value of <parmname>destinationType</parmname> must be set
to <codeph>javax.jms.Queue</codeph>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>destinationLookup </dt>
<dd>The name of a JNDI object that represents the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> queue
from which messages are received.  </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></p></dd>
</dlentry></dl></p></section>
</conbody>
<?tm 1384269354 0?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000003311?>
