<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="jmssecurityconfig" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Security and the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource adapter </title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>When you configure the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource adapter,
you must consider the configuration of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server and the
associated security requirements when you set the following activation
specification and connection factory properties.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Configuring properties that are related to authentication:</dt>
<dd><p></p><ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>user</dt>
<dd>The user name for user authentication with <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>. </dd>
<dd><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> always
uses this value if it is provided, unless a security profile is attached
to the endpoint with <parmname>UsePasswordAuthentication</parmname> set
to <codeph>False</codeph>. If user authentication is required in your
environment, you must use <codeph>tcps</codeph> protocol if you want
to protect your user data.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>password</dt>
<dd>The password for user authentication with <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>. </dd>
<dd><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> uses
this value if <codeph>user</codeph> is specified. If user authentication
is required in your environment, you must use <codeph>tcps</codeph> protocol
if you want to protect your password data.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul><p>If you are not using multiple application servers and therefore
multiple connections, you can specify the following property in your
connection policies, topic messaging policies, or queue messaging
policies:</p><ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>client ID</dt>
<dd>The client ID for this connection. </dd>
<dd>From a security perspective, you must understand whether the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server is configured
to restrict access by client ID. If restrictions are configured on
the server, then the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource
adapter settings for <parmname>clientID</parmname> must to adhere
to those restrictions. If the server is not configured to restrict
access by <parmname>clientId</parmname>, any valid client ID can be
used for the resource adapter with no impact on security.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul><p>If you are using shared or durable subscriptions, you must
specify the following property in your subscription messaging policies: </p><ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>subscriptionName</dt>
<dd>The name for a durable or shared subscription.  </dd>
<dd>This value must be set for any durable or shared subscription.
From a security perspective, you must understand whether the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server is configured
to restrict which subscription name values can be used. If restrictions
are configured on the server, then the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource adapter
settings for <parmname>subscriptionName</parmname> must to adhere
to those restrictions. If the server is not configured to restrict
access by <parmname>subscriptionName</parmname>, any valid subscription
name can be used for the resource adapter with no impact on security.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul><p></p></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Configuring secure connections:</dt>
<dd><p></p><ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>protocol</dt>
<dd>The protocol for communication with <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>. </dd>
<dd>A value of <codeph>tcp</codeph> indicates a non-secure connection.
A value of <codeph>tcps</codeph> indicates a secure connection. If
a secure connection is specified, then you must ensure that the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> is correctly
configured. For more information, see <xref format="dita"
href="tlssecurityforjmsra.dita" scope="local" type="concept"></xref>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></dd>
</dlentry></dl></p>
</conbody>
<related-links>
<link href="tlssecurityforjmsra.dita"><linktext>Transport level security
for the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> resource adapter</linktext></link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1413224009 0?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000004580?>
