<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="JMStopicHA" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource
adapter for high availability when you use topics</title>
<shortdesc>When you want to set up <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource adapter
in a highly available configuration, you must consider the values
that are assigned to the following activation specification properties. </shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>You can configure a <codeph>clientId</codeph> in this scenario.
JMS allows only one connection per <codeph>clientId</codeph>.  Set <codeph>clientId</codeph> so
that only one <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> can
connect to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> at
a time. The connected <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> is
the server that is processing messages. </p>
<section><title>Configure the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource adapter
properties </title><p><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Activation specification configuration</dt>
<dd><p>Consider the settings of the following activation specification
properties when you configure the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource adapter
to support high availability for inbound communication:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>clientId </dt>
<dd>The client ID for this connection. </dd>
<dd>You might want to set a client ID so that you can restrict connections
into <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> based
on the client ID that is specified in the connection policy. Using
a client ID ensures that only one <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> can connect at
a time. You can also limit the actions that a connected client can
perform based on the client ID that is specified in the messaging
policy.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>server</dt>
<dd>A comma or space separated list of the two host names or IP addresses for the primary and the
             standby <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> servers. For example,
              <codeph>9.1.2.3,9.1.2.4</codeph>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>port</dt>
<dd>The port of the endpoint that you configured.</dd>
<dd>If there are multiple <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> servers in the
              <codeph>server</codeph> properties list, then all servers use the same port. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>concurrentConsumers </dt>
<dd>The maximum number of consumers on this connection. </dd>
<dd>You can tune the value of this parameter to enable multiple instances
of the MDB to run in parallel to help to improve throughput.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>clientMessageCache </dt>
<dd>The maximum number of cached messages for each consumer. </dd>
<dd><codeph>clientMessageCache</codeph> allows <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> and
the MDB to consume a number of messages at the same time. A higher
setting increases throughput, but can result in uneven message distribution. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>subscriptionDurability </dt>
<dd>Specifies whether a topic subscription is durable.</dd>
<dd>Set this value to <codeph>Durable</codeph> if you want published
messages to be kept for processing even when <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> is not connected
or your applications are stopped. </dd>
<dd>Set this value to <codeph>Nondurable</codeph> if you want to process
messages only while <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> is
connected and your applications are running.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>subscriptionName </dt>
<dd>If you are using shared durable subscriptions, set the <parmname>subscriptionName</parmname> to
the destination that is specified in the global-shared subscription
messaging policy.</dd>
</dlentry></dl><?Pub Caret 184?></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>subscriptionShared </dt>
<dd>Specifies whether a subscription is shared between consumers or
not.</dd>
<dd>Set this value to <codeph>Shared</codeph> to use the shared subscription
capability and enable scaling within a <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></p><p>Specify one of the following options:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>destination and destinationType</dt>
<dd><parmname>destination</parmname> specifies the name of the topic
from which messages are received. <parmname>destinationType</parmname> specifies
the type of destination. </dd>
<dd>The value of <parmname>destinationType</parmname> must be set
to <codeph>javax.jms.Topic</codeph>. </dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>destinationLookup </dt>
<dd>The name of a JNDI object that represents the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> topic
from which messages are received.  </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></p></dd>
</dlentry></dl></p></section>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000005249?>
