<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="JMStopicconfigmsgordering" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource
adapter to preserve message order for inbound communication</title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>When you want to process messages in the order in which
they are received, you must consider the values that are assigned
to the following activation specification properties. </shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>To preserve message order, you must have only one consumer and
for topic destinations, subscriptions must be unshared. Message delivery
order can be disrupted when transactions are rolled back or when transaction
recovery occurs in a global transaction context. For more information,
see <xref format="dita" href="ad00777.dita" scope="local" type="concept">Message
order limitations with the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
resource adapter</xref>.</p>
<p>You can configure a <parmname>clientId</parmname> in this scenario.
JMS allows only one connection per <parmname>clientId</parmname>.
As you are using one connection in this scenario, <parmname>clientId</parmname> can
be set.</p>
<p>If you want to preserve message order in a <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> cluster, you
must set <parmname>clientId</parmname>. If <parmname>clientId</parmname> is
not set, then a connection from a different <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> is considered
as a new subscription. Setting a <parmname>clientId</parmname> allows
only one <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> in
the cluster to connect to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>. If this <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> stops or disconnects,
another <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> connects
to the same session and the message order is preserved. </p>
<section><title>Configure the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource adapter
properties </title><p><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Activation specification configuration</dt>
<dd><p>Consider the settings of the following activation specification
properties when you configure the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource adapter
to preserve message order for inbound communication:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>clientId </dt>
<dd>The client ID for this connection. </dd>
<dd>You might want to set a client ID so that you can restrict connections
into <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> based
on the client ID that is specified in the connection policy. You can
also limit the actions that a connected client can perform based on
the client ID that is specified in the messaging policy.</dd>
<dd>If you want to preserve message order in a <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> cluster, you
must set <parmname>clientId</parmname>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>server</dt>
<dd>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> host
name or IP address. </dd>
<dd>You must specify the host name or IP address of the endpoint that
you configured.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>port</dt>
<dd>The port of the endpoint that you configured.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>concurrentConsumers </dt>
<dd>The maximum number of consumers on this connection. </dd>
<dd>If you want to preserve message order, you must set <parmname>concurrentConsumers</parmname> to <codeph>1</codeph> to
ensure that there is only one consumer.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>subscriptionShared </dt>
<dd>Specifies whether a subscription is shared between consumers or
not.</dd>
<dd>If you want to preserve message order for topic destinations,
you must set this value to <codeph>NonShared</codeph>.</dd>
<dd>If <parmname>subscriptionDurability</parmname> is set to <codeph>Durable</codeph>,
then <parmname>clientId</parmname> must be set for this case because <parmname>clientId</parmname> is
required for unshared durable subscriptions. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></p><p>Specify one of the following options:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>destination and destinationType</dt>
<dd><parmname>destination</parmname> specifies the name of the topic
from which messages are received. <parmname>destinationType</parmname> specifies
the type of destination. </dd>
<dd>The value of <parmname>destinationType</parmname> must be set
to<codeph>javax.jms.Topic</codeph> for a topic destination or to <codeph>javax.jms.Queue</codeph> for
a queue destination.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>destinationLookup </dt>
<dd>The name of a JNDI object that represents the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> topic
from which messages are received.  </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></p></dd>
</dlentry></dl></p></section>
</conbody>
<?tm 1413224009 1?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000005153?>
