<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="tlssecurityforjmsra" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Transport Layer Security for the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> resource
adapter</title><?Pub Caret 17?>
<shortdesc>To connect to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> endpoints
that are configured to accept secure connections, you must configure
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> resource
adapter to use secure connections. </shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>You can configure the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph>  resource
adapter (<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> RA)
to use Transport Layer Security (TLS). The TLS protocol provides transport
level security, which includes authenticity and data encryption. By
configuring the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> RA to
use TLS, you ensure that it can communicate with <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> endpoints
that accept only secure connections.</p>
<p>Your resource adapter security configuration depends upon which <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> ports
you want to permit <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> applications
to access. If those ports do not require TLS, then no security configuration
is required. If the ports do require TLS, then security configuration
is required. If security configuration is required, then you can either
use default security configuration or you can use customized (non-default)
security configuration. </p>
</conbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="../Developing/securingjmsconnections.dita"
scope="peer" type="task"><linktext>Securing <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> JMS client
and <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> resource adapter connections</linktext></link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1413224007 0?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000002148?>
