<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tlsusingnondefaultsettings" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring Transport Layer Security for <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> resource
adapter by using customized security configuration options </title>
<shortdesc>Configure a secure connection between <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> and
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> RA
running on <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph>.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq><p>On <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph>,
ensure that you configure your security profile and policies on the
endpoint that you are using to accept <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> connections.
The security profile defines the Transport Layer Security (TLS) that
is applied to an endpoint. Ensure that you know which port or ports
on the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> can
be accessed from the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph>. </p><?Pub
Caret 191?><p>If you want to use a non-default security configuration, ensure that this security configuration
is created and configured. For more information about creating a security configuration for <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"/>, see <xref
href="http://pic.dhe.ibm.com/infocenter/wasinfo/v8r5/index.jsp?topic=%2Fcom.ibm.websphere.base.doc%2Fae%2Ftsec_sslconfiguration.html"
scope="external" translate="no" format="html">Creating a Secure Sockets Layer
configuration</xref>.</p><p>If you want to use a non-default secure socket factory, you must ensure that the class that you
use is accessible to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> RA. Depending
upon the class location, you might need to add the class to the class path specified under <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Resources</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Resource adapters</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>IBM Watson IoT Platform - Message Gateway resource adapter</uicontrol>
</menucascade>. </p></prereq>
<context><p>In addition to the required setting of <codeph>tcps</codeph> for <parmname>protocol</parmname>,
the two following optional configuration settings that you can use
to customize the security configuration for the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> RA.
You can use either or both of these security configuration settings.
If <parmname>protocol</parmname> is not set to <codeph>tcps</codeph>,
then these optional settings are ignored. <dl><dlentry>
<dt>securityConfiguration</dt>
<dd>This value is required if you are using a non-default security
configuration.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>securitySocketFactory</dt>
<dd>This value is required if you are using a non-default security
socket factory class.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p></context>
<steps>
<stepsection>To use secure connections in the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> RA,
complete the following steps in the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> administrative
console. </stepsection>
<step><cmd>Choose to configure security for inbound connections, or
outbound connections, or both.</cmd>
<choices>
<choice><p> For inbound connections, set the value of <parmname>protocol</parmname> in
the activation specification. The activation specification is associated
with one or more message-driven beans (MDBs) and provides the configuration
necessary for these MDBs to receive messages. </p><ol>
<li>Click <menucascade><uicontrol>Resources</uicontrol><uicontrol>Resource
adapters</uicontrol><uicontrol>J2C activation specifications</uicontrol>
</menucascade> > <varname>activation_specification_name</varname>.</li>
<li>Click the <uicontrol> J2C activation specification custom properties</uicontrol> link.</li>
<li>Set the <parmname>protocol</parmname> configuration value to <codeph>tcps</codeph>.</li>
<li>Set the <parmname>securitySocketFactory</parmname> configuration
value. Set the <parmname>securitySocketFactory</parmname> configuration
value only if you want to use a security socket factory other than
the application server default factory.</li>
<li>Set the <parmname>securityConfiguration</parmname> configuration
value. Set the <parmname>securityConfiguration</parmname> configuration
value only if you want to use a security configuration other than
the application server default configuration. <note>When set, the <parmname>securityConfiguration</parmname> value
is passed as a string argument to the security socket factory constructor.
If the factory does not provide a constructor that takes a single
string argument, then connection creation fails. </note></li>
</ol></choice>
<choice><p>  For outbound connections, set the value of <parmname>protocol</parmname> in
the appropriate connection factory configuration. The <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> uses connection
factories to create connections to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph>. </p><ol>
<li>Click <menucascade><uicontrol>Resources</uicontrol><uicontrol>Resource
adapters</uicontrol><uicontrol>J2C connection factories</uicontrol>
</menucascade> > <varname>connection_factory_name</varname>.</li>
<li>Click the <uicontrol>Custom properties</uicontrol> link.</li>
<li>Set the <parmname>protocol</parmname> configuration value to <codeph>tcps</codeph>.</li>
<li>Set the <parmname>securitySocketFactory</parmname> configuration
value. Set the <parmname>securitySocketFactory</parmname> configuration
value only if you want to use a security socket factory other than
the application server default factory.</li>
<li>Set the <parmname>securityConfiguration</parmname> configuration
value. Set the <parmname>securityConfiguration</parmname> configuration
value only if you want to use a security configuration other than
the application server default configuration. <note>When set, the <parmname>securityConfiguration</parmname> value
is passed as a string argument to the security socket factory constructor.
If the factory does not provide a constructor that takes a single
string argument, then connection creation fails. </note> </li>
</ol></choice>
</choices>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<?tm 1413224008 0?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000006475?>
