<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tlsusingnondefaultsettings" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring Transport Layer Security for <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource adapter
by using default security configuration </title>
<shortdesc>Configure a secure connection between <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> and
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> RA
running on <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph>.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq><p>On <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>,
ensure that you configure your security profile and policies on the
endpoint that you are using to accept <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> connections.
The security profile defines the Transport Layer Security (TLS) that
is applied to an endpoint.</p><?Pub Caret 193?><p>Ensure that you know which port or ports on the <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> server can be accessed from the <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"/>. </p></prereq>
<steps>
<stepsection>Complete these steps to configure a secure connection
between <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> and
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> RA
running on <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph>. </stepsection>
<step><cmd>Update the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> default
truststore for TLS connections with <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>. If the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> security
profile specifies client certificate authentication, you must also
update the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> default
keystore. </cmd><info><p>For more information about updating the truststore,
see <xref format="dita" href="updatingthedefaulttruststorefortls.dita"
scope="local" type="task">Updating the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> default truststore
for TLS connections with <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph></xref>.</p><p>For
more information about updating the keystore, see <xref format="dita"
href="updatewaskeystore.dita" scope="local" type="task"></xref>.</p><p>For
more information about client certificate authentication, see <xref
format="dita" href="../Security/se00007.dita" scope="peer" type="topic">Client
certificate authentication</xref>.</p></info></step>
<step><cmd>Choose to configure security for inbound connections, or
outbound connections, or both.</cmd>
<choices>
<choice><p> For inbound connections, set the value of <parmname>protocol</parmname> in
the activation specification. The activation specification is associated
with one or more message-driven beans (MDBs) and provides the configuration
necessary for the MDBs to receive messages. </p><ol>
<li>Click <menucascade><uicontrol>Resources</uicontrol><uicontrol>Resource
adapters</uicontrol><uicontrol>J2C activation specifications</uicontrol>
</menucascade> > <varname>activation_specification_name</varname>. </li>
<li>Click the <uicontrol> J2C activation specification custom properties</uicontrol> link.</li>
<li>Set the <parmname>protocol</parmname> configuration value to <codeph>tcps</codeph>.</li>
</ol></choice>
<choice><p>  For outbound connections, set the value of <parmname>protocol</parmname> in
the appropriate connection factory configuration. The <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> uses connection
factories to create connections to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph>. </p><ol>
<li>Click <menucascade><uicontrol>Resources</uicontrol><uicontrol>Resource
adapters</uicontrol><uicontrol>J2C connection factories</uicontrol>
</menucascade> > <varname>connection_factory_name</varname>. </li>
<li>Click the <uicontrol>Custom properties</uicontrol> link.</li>
<li>Set the <parmname>protocol</parmname> configuration value to <codeph>tcps</codeph>.</li>
</ol></choice>
</choices>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<?tm 1384269353 0?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000004352?>
