<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="updatingthedefaulttruststorefortls"
xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Updating the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> default
truststore for TLS connections with <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph></title>
<shortdesc>To use Transport Layer Security (TLS) communication with
an <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server,
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> must
retrieve a signer certificate from a secure remote port during the
handshake. After the signer certificate is retrieved, the signer certificate
is added to a truststore.</shortdesc><?Pub Caret 134?>
<taskbody>
<prereq>The truststore that is to contain the signer certificate must
exist. The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server
must be running.</prereq>
<context><p>These steps are based on a non-cluster installation for <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> version 8.5.
Complete the following steps in the administrative console to update
the default truststore.</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Log on to the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> administrative
console.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Click <menucascade><uicontrol>Security</uicontrol><uicontrol>SSL
certificate and key management</uicontrol><uicontrol>Key stores and
certificates</uicontrol><uicontrol>NodeDefaultTrustStore</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Signer certificates</uicontrol><uicontrol>Retrieve from
port</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Enter the host name or the IP address for your <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Enter the port number for the secure port on your <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server that you
want to access from <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph>.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Enter an alias name for the signer certificate.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Retrieve signer information</uicontrol>.</cmd>
<info>A message window displays information about the retrieved signer
certificate, such as: the serial number, issued-to and issued-by identities,
SHA hash, and expiration date.</info></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</cmd><info>This action
indicates that you accept the credentials of the signer.</info></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
</steps>
<result><p>The signer certificate that is retrieved from the remote
port is stored in the truststore. </p></result>
</taskbody>
<?tm 1384269353 0?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002843?>
