<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002--><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?><?Pub Inc?><task id="upgradingra" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Updating the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> resource adapter on <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was" /></title>
<shortdesc>Update the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> resource adapter on <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was" /> when you upgrade <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> from a previous version.</shortdesc><?Pub Caret 82?>
<taskbody>
  <prereq>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> resource adapter is available as part of the JMS client download. The JMS client can be obtained from the <xref format="html" href="https://www.ibm.com/developerworks/downloads/iot/messagesight/index.html" scope="external"><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> page</xref> on <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="developerWorks">developerWorks</tm>.</prereq>
<context>Complete the following steps to update the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> resource adapter
on <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was" />.</context>
<steps>
<step>
    <cmd>Save all configuration changes.</cmd>
   </step>
   <step>
<cmd>Back up your configuration settings by using the backupConfig command. </cmd>
<info>For more information about how to use the backupConfig command, see <xref
href="http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSEQTP_8.5.5/////com.ibm.websphere.base.iseries.doc/ae/rxml_backupconfig.html"
scope="external" format="html">backupConfig command</xref> in the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"/> documentation.</info>
</step>
   <step>
    <cmd>Synchronize any of the nodes to update.</cmd>
   </step>
   <step>
    <cmd>Ensure that the node agents are running if they are associated with the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> resource adapter.</cmd>
   </step>
   <step>
<cmd>Stop any servers that contain the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> resource
adapter RAR file.</cmd>
<info>You must stop all the servers in the node or cluster with which the RAR file is associated.
Refer to the <xref
href="http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSEQTP_8.5.5/as_ditamaps/was855_welcome_base_dist_iseries.html"
scope="external" format="html"><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="WebSphere">WebSphere</tm> Application
Server documentation </xref> for information about how to stop or start an application
server.</info>
</step>
<step>
        <cmd>From the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was" /> administrative console, select <uicontrol>Resources</uicontrol> &gt; <uicontrol>Resource Adapters</uicontrol> &gt; <uicontrol>Resource Adapters</uicontrol>, and select the appropriate scope for your configuration.</cmd>
        <info>Scope specifies the level at which the resource definition is visible. </info>
      </step>
<step>
<cmd>Select the check box next to <uicontrol>IBM Watson IoT Platform - Message Gateway Resource
Adapter</uicontrol> for each node in the scope, and click <uicontrol>Update RAR</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
        <cmd>Specify the path to the new <filepath>ima.jmsra.rar</filepath> file, and click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>. You can either update the <filepath>ima.jmsra.rar</filepath> file from the local file system or specify an existing copy of the new <filepath>ima.jmsra.rar</filepath> file on any of the nodes in your cell context. </cmd>
      </step>
<step><cmd>Review the information that is provided for the RAR file.
The following information is provided for the RAR file:</cmd><info><ul>
<li>Name</li>
<li><tm trademark="Current" tmtype="reg" tmclass="IGNORE">Current</tm> RAR version</li>
<li>New RAR version</li>
<li>Scope</li>
<li>Any existing copies of the resource adapter. Resource adapters
marked with an asterisk (*) are copies of the resource adapter and
must also be updated at the same time.</li>
</ul><p>Click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol> when you are finished.</p></info>
</step>
<step importance="optional">
        <cmd>Edit any properties that were added by the new version of the resource adapter, then click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
<step><cmd>Review the summary panel, and click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol> when
you are satisfied with the configuration settings.</cmd></step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Back up your configuration settings by using the backupConfig command. </cmd>
      </step>
<step><cmd>Restart the servers that contain the updated RAR file.</cmd>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task><?Pub *0000003922?><?tm 1462277007006 4 developerWorks||WebSphere||IBM||Current ?>
