<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="va00100" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring disk persistence</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. Use Edit > Un Comment to have the tags made live.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc> You can configure <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/virtualedition"></ph> to
run with or without disk persistence by using the <cmdname>imaserver
set EnableDiskPersistence</cmdname> command from the command line. </shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<conbody>
<p>You need to consider whether you want to configure <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/virtualedition"></ph> to
run with or without disk persistence. Disk persistence is enabled
by default on a production <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/virtualedition"></ph> and
is disabled on a development <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/virtualedition"></ph>. You
might want to run your <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/virtualedition"></ph> with
disk persistence enabled if you want protection against loss of persistent
data, including messages, subscriptions, and client states. For example,
data might be lost in the event of a failure that results in <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/virtualedition"></ph> or
the operating system shutting down. However, running a <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/virtualedition"></ph> with
disk persistence enabled can have an impact on performance. </p><?Pub
Caret 437?>
<p>You can view whether disk persistence is enabled or disabled on <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/virtualedition"></ph> by
using the <cmdname>imaserver get EnableDiskPersistence</cmdname> command
on the command line. If you change the value of <parmname>EnableDiskPersistence</parmname>,
then you must clean the store by running the <cmdname>imaserver set
EnableDiskPersistence</cmdname> command with the <parmname>CleanStore</parmname> parameter.
Cleaning the store deletes all persistent data. </p>
<p>You can enable high-availability (HA) whether you choose to run
your <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/virtualedition"></ph> with
or without disk persistence. If you are using an HA environment, disk
persistence is enabled only on the primary node and is not active
on the standby node. A standby node that is configured to run with
disk persistence does not persist data to disk unless that standby
becomes the primary node. </p>
<p>For more information about configuring disk persistence by using
the command line, see <xref format="dita" href="va11000.dita"
scope="local" type="task">Configuring disk persistence by using the
command line</xref>.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000003565?>
