<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="va11000" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring disk persistence by using the command line</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. Use Edit > Un Comment to have the tags made live.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>System administrators can view whether disk persistence
is enabled by using the <cmdname>imaserver get EnableDiskPersistence</cmdname> command
on the command line. System administrators change the value of this
setting by using the <cmdname>imaserver set EnableDiskPersistence
CleanStore</cmdname> command on the command line.</shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<taskbody>
<context><p>Disk persistence is enabled by default on a production
Virtual Edition. Disk persistence is disabled by default on a physical
appliance. Enabling disk persistence on a physical appliance has a
negative impact on performance. Therefore you might want to leave <parmname>EnableDiskPersistence</parmname> as
the default value if you have a physical appliance. </p><?Pub Caret 72?><p>If
you change the value of <parmname>EnableDiskPersistence</parmname>,
then you must clean the store. If you do not clean the store, the <cmdname>imaserver
set EnableDiskPersistence</cmdname> command fails. Run the <cmdname>imaserver
set EnableDiskPersistence</cmdname> command with the <parmname>CleanStore</parmname> parameter
to clean the store. <note>Cleaning the store deletes all persistent
data.</note>.</p></context>
<steps-unordered>
<step><cmd>To view whether disk persistence is enabled or disabled,
enter the following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>imaserver get EnableDiskPersistence</codeph></p></info>
</step>
<step><cmd>To enable disk persistence, enter the following command:</cmd>
<info><p><codeph>imaserver set "EnableDiskPersistence=True" CleanStore</codeph></p></info>
</step>
<step><cmd>To disable disk persistence, enter the following command:</cmd>
<info><p><codeph>imaserver set "EnableDiskPersistence=False" CleanStore</codeph></p></info>
</step>
</steps-unordered>
<example><p>The following example shows that disk persistence is not
enabled on the appliance:<screen><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> imaserver get EnableDiskPersistence
EnableDiskPersistence=False
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></screen></p><p>The
following example shows the <cmdname>imaserver set EnableDiskPersistence=True</cmdname> command
where the <parmname>CleanStore</parmname> parameter is not specified.
The command fails.<screen><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> imaserver set "EnableDiskPersistence=True"
The command to set EnableDiskPersistence failed. The CleanStore parameter is required. 
If EnableDiskPersistence is changed, the store must be cleaned. Run this command with the CleanStore parameter 
to clean the store.
Cleaning the store deletes all persistent messaging data.
'0:00.36'
RC=1
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></screen></p><p>The
following example shows the <cmdname>imaserver set EnableDiskPersistence=True</cmdname> command
where the <parmname>CleanStore</parmname> parameter is specified.
The command completes successfully. Disk persistence is enabled on
the appliance and the store is cleaned. All data in the store is deleted. <screen><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> imaserver set "EnableDiskPersistence=True" CleanStore
The requested configuration change has completed successfully. 
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></screen></p></example>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000004258?>
