<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="cmd_imaserver_apply_cert" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> apply
Certificate (LDAP)</title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>imaserver apply Certificate</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>apply Certificate (LDAP)</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Apply an LDAP certificate to <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>. An LDAP certificate
is used to secure a connection to an external LDAP server.</section>
<section><title>Syntax</title><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>apply
Certificate "LDAPCertificate=</cmdname><varname>certName</varname><cmdname>"
[ Overwrite=True|False ]</cmdname></section>
<section><title>Parameters</title><dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>certName</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the LDAP certificate.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Overwrite=True|False</dt>
<dd>Specifies whether the existing certificate is overwritten.</dd>
<dd>The default value is False.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
<section><title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title><ul>
<li>You must upload the certificate before you can apply it to <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>. You can upload
the certificate by using the <cmdname>file get</cmdname> command.</li>
<li>You can upload and apply only one LDAP certificate. If you want
to upload and apply another certificate, you must overwrite the existing
certificate.</li>
<li>The certificate must be a pem format certificate.</li>
<li>After the certificate is applied, it is automatically renamed
to <codeph>ldap.pem</codeph></li>
<li>If you update the LDAP certificate, the old LDAP certificate is
used until the next time a client or connection is authenticated or
authorized.</li>
<li>If you are updating an LDAP certificate in a High Availability
(HA) environment, you must upload the new certificate on the primary
server and then replicate this certificate on the standby server.
For more information about how to update certificates in an HA environment,
see <xref format="dita" href="../../Administering/ad00379_.dita"
scope="local">Updating a certificate for an LDAP connection in a High
Availability environment by using the command line</xref>.</li><?Pub
Caret -1?>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Related Commands</title><ul>
<li><xref format="dita" href="../CommonCmd/fun_fileget.dita"
scope="local" type="reference"></xref></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="../CommonCmd/fun_filelist.dita"
scope="local" type="reference"></xref></li>
<li><xref format="dita"
href="../SecurityCmd/cmd_imaserver_apply_cert_server.dita" scope="local"
type="reference"></xref></li>
<li><xref format="dita"
href="../SecurityCmd/cmd_imaserver_apply_cert_trusted.dita" scope="local"
type="reference"></xref></li>
<li><xref format="dita"
href="../MQConnCmd/cmd_imaserver_apply_cert_MQConn.dita" scope="local"
type="reference"></xref></li>
<li><xref format="dita"
href="../UsrGrpCmd/cmd_imaserver_create_LDAP.dita" scope="local"
type="reference"></xref></li>
<li><xref format="dita"
href="../UsrGrpCmd/cmd_imaserver_update_LDAP.dita" scope="local"
type="reference"></xref></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="../UsrGrpCmd/cmd_imaserver_show_LDAP.dita"
scope="local" type="reference"></xref></li>
<li><xref format="dita"
href="../UsrGrpCmd/cmd_imaserver_delete_LDAP.dita" scope="local"
type="reference"></xref></li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Example</title>Applies an LDAP certificate:<codeblock><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> imaserver apply Certificate "LDAPCertificate=certificate.pem"
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
<ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></codeblock>Updates
an LDAP certificate:<codeblock><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> imaserver apply Certificate "LDAPCertificate=newLDAP.pem" "Overwrite=True"
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
The new LDAP settings will be used the next time a client or connection is authenticated or authorized.
<ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></codeblock></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224027 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000004611?>
