<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="cmd_imaserver_create_ldap" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> create
LDAP</title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>imaserver create LDAP</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>create LDAP</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Creates an external LDAP connection.</section>
<section><title>Syntax</title><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>create
LDAP "URL=</cmdname><varname>url</varname><cmdname>"</cmdname><cmdname> "BaseDN=</cmdname><varname>baseDNName</varname><cmdname>"</cmdname><cmdname> "BindDN=</cmdname><varname>bindDNName</varname><cmdname>"</cmdname><cmdname> "BindPassword=</cmdname><varname>password</varname><cmdname>"</cmdname><cmdname>[
"UserSuffix=</cmdname><varname>uSuffix</varname><cmdname>" ]</cmdname><cmdname> "GroupSuffix=</cmdname><varname>gSuffix</varname><cmdname>"</cmdname><cmdname> "UserIdMap=</cmdname><varname>userMap</varname><cmdname>"</cmdname><cmdname> "GroupIdMap=</cmdname><varname>groupMap</varname><cmdname>"</cmdname><cmdname> "GroupMemberIdMap=</cmdname><varname>groupMemberMap</varname><cmdname>"</cmdname><cmdname> [
"Timeout=</cmdname><varname>time</varname><cmdname>" ]</cmdname><cmdname> [
"MaxConnections=</cmdname><varname>maxConn</varname><cmdname>" ]</cmdname><cmdname> [
"CacheTimeout=</cmdname><varname>timeout</varname><cmdname>" ]</cmdname><cmdname> ["GroupCacheTimeout=</cmdname><varname>groupTimeout</varname><cmdname>"
]</cmdname><cmdname> [ "IgnoreCase=True|False" ]</cmdname><cmdname> [
"EnableCache=True|False" ]</cmdname><cmdname>[ "NestedGroupSearch=True|False"
]</cmdname><cmdname> [ "Enabled=True|False" ]</cmdname></section>
<section><title>Parameters</title><dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>url</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the URL of the LDAP server.</dd>
<dd>The URL must be of the form:<codeph> ldap://<varname>ipAddress</varname>:<varname>portNumber</varname></codeph> or <codeph>ldaps://<varname>ipAddress</varname>:<varname>portNumber</varname></codeph> 
   </dd>
<dd>If you use <codeph>ldaps://</codeph>, you must upload an LDAP
certificate before you create the LDAP connection.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>baseDNName</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the base distinguished name of the directory service.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>bindDNName</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the distinguished name to use when you bind to LDAP.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>password</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the password to use when you bind to LDAP</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>uSuffix</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the distinguished name that is the suffix of the user
distinguished name.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>gSuffix</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies distinguished name that is the suffix of the group distinguished
name.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>userMap</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the LDAP filter that maps the short name of a user to
an LDAP entry.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>groupMap</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the LDAP filter that maps the short name of a group
to an LDAP entry.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>groupMemberMap</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies LDAP filter that identifies user-to-group relationships.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>time</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the timeout for LDAP calls, in seconds.</dd>
<dd>This value must be in the range 1-60.</dd>
<dd>The default value is 10.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>maxConn</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the maximum number of concurrent connections that can
be made to the LDAP server.</dd>
<dd>This value must be in the range 1-100.</dd>
<dd>The default value is 10.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>timeout</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the cache time to live, in seconds.</dd>
<dd>This value must be in the range 1-60.</dd>
<dd>The default value is 10.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>groupTimeout</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the group cache time to live, in seconds.</dd>
<dd>This value must be in the range 1-86400.</dd>
<dd>The default value is 300.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>IgnoreCase=True|False</dt>
<dd>Specifies whether case is ignored.</dd>
<dd>The default value is True.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>EnableCache=True|False</dt>
<dd>Specifies whether the authentication result is cached.</dd>
<dd>The default value is True.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>NestedGroupSearch=True|False</dt>
<dd>Specifies whether to use nested group searching to find the group
membership of a user.</dd>
<dd>The default value is False.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Enabled=True|False</dt>
<dd>Specifies whether the external LDAP connection is enabled (True)
or disabled (False).</dd>
<dd>The default value is True.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
<section><title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title><ul>
<li>The command must be capitalized as shown.</li>
<li>The command must use the double quotation marks as shown.</li>
<li>If you use <codeph>ldaps://</codeph>, you might need to add a
DNS entry to resolve the IP address of the LDAP server.</li><?Pub
Caret -1?>
<li>The new LDAP settings will be used the next time a client or connection
is authenticated or authorized.</li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Related Commands</title><ul>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_imaserver_update_LDAP.dita"
scope="local" type="reference"></xref></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_imaserver_show_LDAP.dita" scope="local"
type="reference"></xref></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_imaserver_delete_LDAP.dita"
scope="local" type="reference"></xref></li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Example</title>Creates an LDAP server connection:<codeblock><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> imaserver create LDAP "URL=ldap://192.0.2.0:1000"
"BaseDN=ou=DEPT,o=COMPANY,c=COUNTRY" "BindDN=cn=root" "BindPassword=password"
 "UserSuffix=ou=users,ou=DEPT,o=COMPANY,c=COUNTRY" "GroupSuffix=ou=groups,ou=DEPT,o=COMPANY,c=COUNTRY" 
"UserIdMap=*:uid" "GroupIdMap=*:cn" "GroupMemberIdMap=member" "Enabled=True"
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
The new LDAP settings will be used the next time a client or connection is authenticated or authorized.
<ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></codeblock></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224027 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000006708?>
