<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="cmd_ismserveruseredt" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> user
edit</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>imaserver user edit</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>user edit</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Edits either a <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging
user, or an appliance user.</section>
<section><title>Syntax</title><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>user
edit "UserID=</cmdname><varname>userID</varname><cmdname>"</cmdname><cmdname> "Type=</cmdname><varname>type</varname><cmdname>"</cmdname><cmdname> [
"Password=</cmdname><varname>password</varname><cmdname>" ]</cmdname><cmdname> [
"Description=</cmdname><varname>description</varname><cmdname>" ]</cmdname><cmdname> [
AddGroupMembership=</cmdname><varname>groupMembership</varname><cmdname>"
|</cmdname><cmdname> "RemoveGroupMembership=</cmdname><varname>groupMembership</varname><cmdname>"
]</cmdname></section>
<section><title>Parameters</title><dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>userID</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the ID of the user that you want to edit.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>type</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the type of messaging user that you are editing.</dd>
<dd>This value can be one of the following values:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>WebUI</dt>
<dd>WebUI users are users that exist to administer <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Messaging</dt>
<dd>Messaging users are users that exist to do messaging on <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>password</varname></dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the password for the user.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>Description</varname></dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies a description for the user.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>groupMembership</varname></dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the group that the user is added to or removed from.</dd>
<dd>For WebUI users, the value must be one of the following values:<ul>
<li>SystemAdministrators</li>
<li>MessagingAdministrators</li>
<li>Users</li>
</ul></dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
<section><title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title><ul>
<li>The command must be capitalized as shown.</li>
<li>The command must use the double quotation marks as shown.</li>
<li>You must specify at least one of the following optional parameters: <ul>
<li><parmname>Password</parmname></li>
<li><parmname>Description</parmname></li>
<li><parmname>AddGroupMembership</parmname></li>
<li><parmname>RemoveGroupMembership</parmname></li>
</ul></li>
<li>In a high availability environment, if you update the password
on the primary node then you must manually update the password on
the standby node. The password is not automatically replicated. You
can update the password on the standby node by using the <cmdname>imaserver
user edit</cmdname> command. </li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Related Commands</title><ul>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_imaserver_user_list.dita" scope="local"
type="reference"></xref></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_imaserver_user_add.dita" scope="local"
type="reference"></xref></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_imaserver_user_delete.dita"
scope="local" type="reference"></xref></li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Example</title><p>The following command updates the
password for an appliance user.</p><codeblock><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph>  imaserver user edit "UserID=exampleUser" "Type=WebUI" "Password=newpassword"
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
<ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></codeblock></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224028 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000004277?>
