<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="PDF_ad00940_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring the cluster membership of an <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>You can configure <ph conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> servers in clusters to increase the maximum messaging throughput or the maximum number of concurrent connections beyond the capacity of a single <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server. All <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> servers in a cluster share a common topic tree.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>A cluster is a collection of 2 or more <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> servers connected together over a local high-speed LAN. Clusters allow a greater maximum number of concurrent connections and a greater messaging throughput than can be achieved on a single server.</p>
<p>The task of cluster configuration includes establishing how the servers within the cluster find each other, and the control channel and messaging channel that are to be used between the servers.</p>
<p>A server finds other servers in the cluster by using multicast discovery, or by specifying a known subset of the other servers in the cluster. Each server is a peer of all other servers in the cluster. The control channel sends subscription information and other related information to all servers in the cluster; the same control information is sent to all the members in the cluster. In addition, a message channel is created from each server to each member in the cluster. Only messages that might be needed on the remote server are sent on the message channel.</p>
<p>It is good practice that all servers in a cluster have the same configuration of messaging objects (messaging hubs, endpoints, policies, and certificates).</p>
<p>When a server joins a cluster, you must restart the server.</p>
<p>When you configure the cluster membership of an <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server so that it joins a cluster, you must specify the following components in the payload of the POST method:<ul>
<li><b>EnableClusterMembership</b><p>Specifies whether clustering is enabled.</p><p>If the server is to join a cluster, <apiname>EnableClusterMembership</apiname> must be set to true.</p><p>After the server is configured to join or leave a cluster, the server must be restarted for the cluster configuration to take effect.</p></li>
<li><b>ClusterName</b><p>Specifies the name of the cluster.</p><p>The cluster name must be unique within the local area network.</p><p>The name must not have leading or trailing spaces and cannot contain control characters, commas, double quotation marks, backslashes, or equal signs. The first character must not be a number or any of the following special characters: ! # $ % &amp; ' ( ) * + - . / : ; &lt; > ? @</p></li>
<li><b>ControlAddress</b><p>Specifies the IP address of the control interface. </p></li>
</ul></p>
</conbody>
</concept>
