<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="pdf_REST_configure_cluster" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Configure <ph conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
    /> server cluster membership </title>
  <!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
  <!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
  <!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
  <shortdesc/>
  <!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
  <!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
  <refbody>
    <section><title>Purpose</title>Configures the cluster membership of an <ph
      conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server.</section>
    <section>
      <title>URI</title>
      <p>Use the <ph conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
        /> REST API POST method with the following <ph
        conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> configuration URI:</p>
      <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/</codeph></p>
    </section>
    <section><title>Object configuration data</title><p>Provide ClusterMembership object configuration data in the payload of the POST method by using the following schema. <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to <userinput>application/json</userinput>: </p><codeblock>
     {    
       "ClusterMembership": {
           "EnableClusterMembership": true|false,
           "ClusterName": "string",
           "UseMulticastDiscovery": true|false,
           "MulticastDiscoveryTTL": integer,
           "DiscoveryServerList": "string",
           "ControlAddress": "string",
           "ControlPort": integer,
           "ControlExternalAddress": "string",
           "ControlExternalPort": integer,
           "MessagingAddress": "string",
           "MessagingPort": integer,
           "MessagingExternalAddress":"string",
           "MessagingExternalPort": integer,
           "MessagingUseTLS": true|false,
           "DiscoveryPort": integer,
           "DiscoveryTime": integer 
          }
        }
      }</codeblock>Where:<dl>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>EnableClusterMembership: true|false</dt>
        <dd>Specifies whether clustering is enabled.</dd>
        <dd>If the server is to join a cluster, <apiname>EnableClusterMembership</apiname> must be set to true.</dd>
        <dd>If the server is to leave a cluster, <apiname>EnableClusterMembership</apiname> must be set to false.</dd>
        <dd>After the server is configured to join or leave a cluster, the server must be restarted for the cluster configuration to take effect.</dd>
        <dd>The default value is false which means that clustering is not enabled.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>ClusterName</dt>
        <dd>Required.</dd>
        <dd>Specifies the name of the cluster.</dd>
        <dd>The cluster name must be unique within the local area network.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>UseMulticastDiscovery: true|false</dt>
        <dd>Optional.</dd>
        <dd>Specifies whether cluster members are in a list or discovered by multicast. </dd>
        <dd>If <apiname>UseMulticastDiscovery</apiname> is set to true, multicast is used to locate other members of the cluster.</dd>
        <dd>If <apiname>UseMulticastDiscovery</apiname> is set to false, <apiname>DiscoveryServerList</apiname> must be set.</dd>
        <dd>The set of servers that is located is the set located by multicast discovery or by using <apiname>DiscoveryServerList</apiname>. The set also includes any servers that are known to any of the servers found by either setting <apiname>UseMulticastDiscovery</apiname> to true or by specifying a value in <apiname>DiscoveryServerList</apiname>.</dd>
        <dd>The default value is true.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>MulticastDiscoveryTTL</dt>
        <dd>When <apiname>UseMulticastDiscovery</apiname> is true, <apiname>MulticastDiscoveryTTL</apiname> specifies the number of routers, or hops, that multicast traffic is allowed to pass through.</dd>
        <dd><apiname>MulticastDiscoveryTTL</apiname> is not used if <apiname>UseMulticastDiscovery</apiname> is false.</dd>
        <dd>The value must be in the range 1-256.</dd>
        <dd>The default value is 1.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>DiscoveryServerList</dt>
        <dd>Required if <apiname>UseMulticastDiscovery</apiname> is false. </dd>
        <dd>Comma-separated list of servers in the cluster that this server is to join.</dd>
        <dd>The format that represents each server in the list is <codeph>ControlAddress:ControlPort</codeph></dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>ControlAddress</dt>
        <dd>Required if <apiname>EnableClusterMembership</apiname> is true. </dd>
        <dd>The IP address of the control interface. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>ControlPort</dt>
        <dd>Required. </dd>
        <dd>The port number to use for the control interface.</dd>
        <dd>The value must be in the range 1-65535.</dd>
        <dd>The default value is 9104.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>ControlExternalAddress</dt>
        <dd>The external IP address or host name of the control interface it it is different from the IP address specified in <apiname>ControlAddress</apiname>.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>ControlExternalPort</dt>
        <dd>The external port number to use for the <apiname>ControlExternalAddress</apiname>.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>MessagingAddress</dt>
        <dd>The IP address of the messaging channel if it is different from the IP address specified in <apiname>ControlAddress</apiname>.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>MessagingPort</dt>
        <dd>The port number to use for the messaging interface.</dd>
        <dd>Ensure that the port number for the messaging interface is not the same as the port number for the control interface.</dd>
        <dd>The value must be in the range 1-65535.</dd>
        <dd>The default value is 9105.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>MessagingExternalAddress</dt>
        <dd>The external IP address or host name of the messaging channel if it is different from the IP address specified in <apiname>MessagingAddress</apiname>.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>MessagingExternalPort</dt>
        <dd>The external port number to use for the <apiname>MessagingExternalAddress</apiname>.</dd>
        <dd>The value must be in the range 1-65535.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>MessagingUseTLS: true|false</dt>
        <dd>Specifies whether the messaging channel should use TLS.</dd>
        <dd>The default value is false which means that the messaging channel is not to use TLS.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>DiscoveryPort</dt>
        <dd>The port number to be used for multicast discovery. </dd>
        <dd>The port number must be the same for all members of the cluster.</dd>
        <dd><apiname>DiscoveryPort</apiname> is not used if <apiname>UseMulticastDiscovery</apiname> is false.</dd>
        <dd>Specify a value in the range 1-65535.</dd>
        <dd>The default value is 9106.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>DiscoveryTime</dt>
        <dd>The time, in seconds, that the cluster spends during server start up to discover other servers in the cluster and get updated information from them.</dd>
        <dd>Specify a value in the range 1-2147483647.</dd>
        <dd>The default value is 10.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      </dl></section>
    <section>
      <title>Example</title>
      <p>Configure ClusterMembership object configuration details of an <ph
        conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
        /> server by using cURL:<lines>
curl -X POST \
     -d  ' {
             "ClusterMembership": {
                 "EnableClusterMembership":  true,
                 "ControlAddress":  "10.10.33.11",
                 "DiscoveryServerList":  "10.10.33.12:9104,10.10.33.10:9104",
                 "ClusterName":  "MyBetaCluster"
                   }
              }
           ' \
        http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/configuration
</lines></p>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
