<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="ad00920" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title>HTTP status codes</title>
    <!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
    <!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
    <!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
    <shortdesc> You can use standard HTTP status codes to understand the success or failure of a
        request. </shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>
            <ul>
                <li><b>HTTP 200: OK</b><p>The request has succeeded completely. A response body is
                        provided that contains the results of the request.</p></li>
                <li><b>HTTP 202: Accepted</b><p>The request has been accepted for processing, but
                        processing is not complete.</p></li>
                <li><b>HTTP 400: Bad Request</b><p>The request was missing required input, had
                        errors in the provided input, or included extraneous input.</p><p>Additional
                        information regarding the error is provided in an error response body that
                        includes a reason code with additional information.</p></li>
                <li><b>HTTP 403: Forbidden </b><p>The request is valid, but the server is not
                        responding to the request.</p></li>
                <li><b>HTTP 404: Not found</b><p>The requested resource cannot be found or does not
                        exist.</p></li>
                <li><b>HTTP 501: Not implemented</b><p>The request method is not recognized by the
                        server, or the server is not able to complete the request. </p></li>
                <li><b>HTTP 503: Service unavailable</b><p>The server is currently unable to handle
                        the request due to a temporary overloading or maintenance of the
                    server.</p></li>
            </ul>
        </p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
