<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00453_" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Creating and updating a queue  policy by using <ph
      conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/></title>
  <shortdesc>System administrators can create and update queue  policies by using <ph
      conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>.</shortdesc>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq>Ensure that the following message hub creation tasks are complete:<ol>
        <li><xref href="pdf_ad00323_.dita">Create a message hub</xref>.</li>
        <li><xref href="pdf_ad00327_.dita">Create a connection policy</xref>.</li>
      </ol></prereq>
    <context><p>You can create a queue policy or update an existing queue policy by using a <ph
          conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPI"/>, or by using the
          <ph conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>. For more
        information about using the <ph
          conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> to create a queue
        policy, see <xref href="pdf_ad00361_.dita"/>. Use a queue policy to control which clients
        can send messages to a specified queue, receive messages from a specified queue, and browse
        messages on a specified queue.</p><p>You can use the <ph
          conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API POST method
        to create or update one or more queue policy objects. If the queue policy that is specified
        in the request does not exist in the <ph
          conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> configuration, then
        the queue policy is created. Otherwise the queue policy configuration is updated.</p>For
      more information about the components you must specify to create a queue policy, including
      naming restrictions, see <xref href="pdf_ad00360_.dita"/>.</context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>To create or update a queue policy, use the <ph
            conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API POST method
          with the following <ph conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
          configuration URI:</cmd>
        <info>
          <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/</codeph></p>
        </info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Provide QueuePolicy object configuration data in the payload of the POST method by
          using the following schema. <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to
            <userinput>application/json</userinput>: </cmd>
        <info><codeblock>
     {    
        "QueuePolicy": {
          "&lt;NameOfQueuePolicy>": {
            "Description": "string",
            "Queue": "string",
            "ActionList": "string",
            "MaxMessageTimeToLive": "string",
            "ClientID": "string",
            "UserID": "string",
            "GroupID": "string",
            "CommonNames": "string",
            "ClientAddress": "string",
            "Protocol": "string"             
         }
       }
     }</codeblock>Where:<ul>
            <li><b>NameOfQueuePolicy</b><p>Required.</p><p>Specifies the name of the queue
                policy.</p><p>The name must not have leading or trailing spaces and cannot contain
                control characters, commas, double quotation marks, backslashes, or equal signs. The
                first character must not be a number or any of the following special characters: ! #
                $ % &amp; ' ( ) * + - . / : ; &lt; > ? @</p><p>After the queue policy is created,
                you cannot change this name.</p></li>
            <li><b>Description</b><p>Optional.</p><p>Specifies a description for the queue
                policy.</p><p>If you do not want a description, omit "Description":
                "description".</p></li>
            <li><b>Queue</b><p>Required if you are creating a queue policy.</p><p>Specifies the
                queue or queues that the queue policy applies to.</p><p>You can use an asterisk (*)
                as a wildcard. You must take care when you use a wildcard to ensure that you do not
                grant greater authority to topics than intended. For more information about how
                wildcard characters can be used, see <xref format="dita"
                  href="../Overview/ov00032.dita" scope="peer" type="section">Wildcards</xref>
                documentation in IBM Knowledge Center.</p><p>The dollar sign ($) and asterisk (*)
                have special meanings in the queue field. To use these characters as literals, use
                  <codeph>${$}</codeph> for a dollar sign, and use <codeph>${*}</codeph> for an
                asterisk.</p><p>You can use variable substitution in the queue field to ensure that
                only clients with specific user IDs, group IDs, client IDs, or client certificate
                common names can access a queue. The variables are:<ul>
                  <li><codeph>${UserID}</codeph> for the user ID. </li>
                  <li><codeph>${GroupID}</codeph> for the group ID.</li>
                  <li><codeph>${ClientID}</codeph> for the client ID. </li>
                  <li><codeph>${CommonName}</codeph> for the client certificate common name. </li>
                </ul></p><p>For example, if a queue in a queue policy is
                  <codeph>${ClientID}</codeph>, then a client with an ID of
                  <codeph>client_a</codeph> can access queue<codeph> client_a.</codeph> A client
                with an ID of <codeph>client_b</codeph> cannot access queue
                  <codeph>client_a</codeph>, but can access queue <codeph>client_b</codeph>.
              </p></li>
            <li><b>ActionList</b><p>Required if you are creating a queue policy.</p><p>Specifies
                which messaging actions can be used by clients that connect to endpoints associated
                with this queue policy.</p><p>You can specify the following values for a queue
                policy. To specify more than one, separate each value with a comma:</p><p>
                <ul>
                  <li><b><codeph>Send</codeph></b><p>Allows clients to send messages to the queue
                      that is specified in the queue policy.</p></li>
                  <li><b><codeph>Receive</codeph></b><p>Allows clients to receive messages from the
                      queue that is specified in the queue policy.</p></li>
                  <li><b><codeph>Browse</codeph></b><p>Allows clients to browse messages on the
                      queue that is specified in the queue policy.</p></li>
                </ul>
              </p></li>
          </ul><ul>
            <li><b>Max Message Time to Live</b><p>Optional.</p><p>Specifies the maximum time, in
                seconds, that a sent message that is associated with the queue policy can exist for
                in <ph conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
                />.</p><p>The value must be either <codeph>unlimited</codeph> or in the range
                1-2147483647.</p><p>The default value is <codeph>unlimited</codeph> and means that
                messages will not expire unless the publishing application specifies a time for
                messages to exist for.</p><p>This value is applied only when the queue policy
                includes an action of send. </p><p>Ensure that client and server times are
                synchronized in order to minimize the possibility of expired messages being
                received. </p></li>
          </ul><p>You must specify at least one of the following filters:<ul>
              <li><b>ClientID</b><p>Specifies the client ID that is allowed to use the messaging actions that are specified in the queue policy. The client ID is allowed to use the messaging actions only on the queues that are specified in the policy.</p><p>You can use an asterisk (*) at the end of the value to match 0 or more characters.</p><p>To use the default value, where all client ID values are allowed to use the actions, omit <codeph>"ClientID":"<varname>ClientID</varname>"</codeph></p></li>
              <li><b>UserID</b><p>Specifies the messaging user ID that is allowed to use the messaging actions that are specified in the queue policy. The messaging user ID is allowed to use the messaging actions only on the queues that are specified in the policy.</p><p>You can use an asterisk (*) at the end of the value to match 0 or more characters.</p><p>To use the default value, where all user ID values are allowed to use the actions, omit <codeph>"UserID": "<varname>UserID</varname>"</codeph>.</p></li>
              <li><b>GroupID</b><p>Specifies the messaging group that is allowed to use the
                  messaging actions that are specified in the queue policy. The messaging group is
                  allowed to use the messaging actions only on the queues that are specified in the
                  policy.</p><p>You can use an asterisk (*) at the end of the value to match 0 or
                  more characters.</p><p>To use the default value, where all groups are allowed to
                  use the actions, omit <codeph>"GroupID":
                  "<varname>GroupID</varname>"</codeph>.</p></li>
              <li><b>CommonNames</b><p>Specifies the client certificate common name that must be
                  used for a client to be allowed to use the actions that are specified in the queue
                  policy. The client certificate common name allows clients to use the messaging
                  actions only on the queues that are specified in the policy.</p><p>You can use an
                  asterisk (*) at the end of the value to match 0 or more characters.</p><p>To use
                  the default value, where all client certificates are allowed to use the actions,
                  omit <codeph>"CommonNames": "<varname>CommonNames</varname>"</codeph>.</p></li>
              <li><b>ClientAddress</b><p>Specifies the client IP addresses that are allowed to use
                  the messaging actions that are specified in the queue policy. The client IP
                  addresses are allowed to use the messaging actions only on the queues that are
                  specified in the policy.</p><p>The IP address can contain an asterisk (*), or a
                  comma-separated list of IPv4 or IPv6 addresses or ranges. For example, 192.0.2.32,
                  192.0.0.0, 192.0.2.0-192.0.2.100. The range must be specified from low to
                  high.</p><p>IPv6 addresses must be enclosed in brackets <codeph>[
                  ]</codeph>.</p><p>The maximum number of client addresses that you can specify is
                  20.</p><p>To use the default value, where all client IP addresses are allowed to
                  connect, omit <codeph>"ClientAddress":"<i>IP_Address</i>"</codeph> or specify
                      <codeph>"ClientAddress":"<i>*</i>"</codeph>.</p></li>
              <li><b>Protocol</b><p>Specifies which protocols are allowed to use the actions that are specified in the queue policy on the queues that are specified in the policy.</p><p>You can choose from JMS and any protocol plug-ins that have specified support for queues. To specify more than one value, separate each value with a comma. To select all protocols, specify a null value for Protocol or omit the parameter from the command.</p></li>
            </ul></p><p>You can check that the configuration of your policy is as expected by using
            the <ph conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST
            Administration API GET method. For more information about the GET method, see <xref
              href="pdf_ad00365_.dita"/>.</p></info>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <example>
      <p>The following example shows a POST method to create a queue policy called "MyQueuePolicy"
        by using cURL:</p>
      <lines>
 curl -X POST  \
     -H 'Content-Type: application/json'  \
     -d  '{                          
             "QueuePolicy": {   
                 "MyQueuePolicy": {
                  "Description": "Authorize a client to send messages to and receive messages from queues.",
                  "Queue": "*",
                  "ClientID": "*",
                  "ActionList": "Send,Receive"
                }
            }
        }
    '   \
  http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/configuration/</lines>
      <p>The following example shows an example response to the POST method:</p>
      <codeblock>
       {        
         "Version": "v1",
         "Code": "CWLNA6011",
         "Message": "The requested configuration change has completed successfully."
       }
</codeblock>
    </example>
    <postreq>You must complete the following tasks to finish the message hub configuration:<ol>
        <li><xref href="pdf_ad00369_.dita">Create endpoints</xref>.</li>
      </ol></postreq>
  </taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000017481?>
