<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="pdf_REST_update_adminendpoint" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Update the admin endpoint</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc/>
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Updates the admin endpoint. The admin endpoint allows you to administer and monitor <ph
      conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
      />.<p>You cannot change the name of the admin endpoint; it is pre-configured as AdminEndpoint.</p></section>
<section>
<title>URI</title>
<p>Use the IBM MessageSight REST API POST method with the following IBM MessageSight configuration URI:</p>
<p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/</codeph></p>
</section>
<section><title>Object configuration data</title><p>Provide admin endpoint object configuration data in the payload of the POST method by using the following schema. <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to <userinput>application/json</userinput>: </p><codeblock>
     {    
       "AdminEndpoint": {
         "Description": "string",
         "SecurityProfile": "string",
         "Port": "integer",
         "Interface": "string",
         "ConfigurationPolicies": "string"            
        }
      }</codeblock>Where:<ul>
      <li><b>Security Profile</b><p>Optional.</p><p>The security profile that the admin endpoint uses.</p><p>Ensure that the security profile already exists.</p></li>
      <li><b>Port</b><p>Optional.</p><p>The port number that the admin endpoint listens on.</p><p>This value must be in the range 1-65535.</p><p>The default value is 9089.</p></li>
      <li><b>Interface</b><p>Optional.</p><p>The IP address that the admin endpoint listens on.</p><p>The default value is All.</p></li>
      <li><b>ConfigurationPolicies</b><p>Optional.</p><p>The configuration policies that are applied to the admin endpoint.</p><p>Ensure that the security profile already exists.</p></li>
      </ul></section>
<section><title>Example</title>Updates the admin endpoint by using
        cURL:<lines>

             curl -X POST \
                 -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
                -d  '{    
                          "AdminEndpoint": {                  
                          "SecurityProfile": "secProfile", 
                          "Port": "9089",                  
                          "Interface": "9.3.179.101",  
                          "ConfigurationPolicies": "configProfile"
                          }
                    }
                 '  \
                http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/configuration/
</lines><p>An
        example response to the POST
        method:<codeblock>
       {        
         "Version": "v1",
         "Code": "CWLNA6011",
         "Message": "The requested configuration change has completed successfully."
       }
</codeblock></p></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
