<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="ad00930" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title>Configuring your first <ph
            conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server to manage by
        using the <ph conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/></title>
    <!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
    <!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
    <!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
    <shortdesc>The first time that you log into the <ph
        conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
        />, you are prompted to submit information about the first <ph
        conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
        /> server that you would like to manage.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq>
            <p>Before you log into the <ph
                conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
                /> the first time, you need to know the hostname or IP address and the port number of the administration endpoint for the first <ph
                conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
                /> server that you want to manage. By default, the administration endpoint listens on port 9089. You need to know the correct port number if the default port is not used.</p>
        </prereq>
        <context>
            <p>You can use the <wintitle>Get started with IBM IoT MessageSight Web UI</wintitle> page to enter configuration details for connecting to the   <ph
                conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
                /> server that you want to manage. If you are the first user to start the Web UI application, this page appears after you accept the license. Otherwise, this page appears the first time a new Web UI administrator logs in. </p>
            <p>If you want to manage more than one <ph
                conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
                /> server, you can configure the <ph
                conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
                /> to manage additional <ph
                conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
                /> servers by using the <uicontrol>Server</uicontrol> menu after you log into the Web UI. </p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Log on to the <ph
                        conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> page.
                    If this is the first time that the <ph
                        conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>
                    application has been used, complete the following steps:</cmd>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Log in by using the default user ID, <userinput>admin</userinput> and
                            default password, <userinput>admin</userinput>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Accept the license on the license page.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>On the <wintitle>Get started with IBM IoT MessageSight Web UI</wintitle> page, specify the connection configuration details for the first server that you want to manage. If your web browser application, the <ph
                    conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
                    /> server that you want to manage, and the <ph
                    conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
                    /> are running on your local host, and the <ph
                    conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
                    /> administration endpoint is listening on port 9089, you can go to step 3.</cmd>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Enter the administration address. This value is the IP address or hostname that the administration endpoint of the <ph
                            conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
                            /> server is listening on.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Enter the administration port. This value is the port that the administration endpoint of the <ph
                            conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
                            /> server is listening on.</cmd>
                        <info>The number must be in the range 1 to 65535 inclusive.</info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>**<b>Note</b>: This option is not currently supported.** Optional. Select <uicontrol>Send Web UI credentials</uicontrol>. If you select this option, the <ph
                            conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
                            /> sends the <ph
                            conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
                            /> user ID and password to the administration endpoint. </cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Optional. Test your connection by clicking <uicontrol>Test
                        Connection</uicontrol>. </cmd>
                <info><note>
                    <p>The <ph conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
                        /> server that you want to manage must be running for the test connection to succeed. </p>
                    <p>If the administration endpoint for the <ph
                        conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is using the default configuration, you might need to allow the administration endpoint certificate in order to successfully complete the test connection. To allow the administration endpoint certificate, choose one of the following options:<ul>
                        <li> If you are using Firefox or Chrome, expand the error box that appears at the top of the page and click the Click here link. A new tab opens and prompts you to allow the certificate. After you allow the certificate, return to the <ph
                            conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
                            /> tab and click the <uicontrol>Test Connection</uicontrol> button again. The connection should succeed.</li>
                        <li>If you are using Internet Explorer, accept the prompts to allow the certificate. The connection should succeed.</li>
                        </ul></p>
                    </note>If the test connection fails, check that the <ph
                    conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
                    /> server is running and that the server host can be reached from the host where the Web UI is running.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Save your server configuration by clicking <uicontrol>Save and
                        Manage</uicontrol>. You must complete this step to access the <ph
                        conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>
                    function.</cmd>
                <info>A message is displayed to confirm that the server is saved
                    successfully.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Close</uicontrol>. </cmd>
                <info>The name of the <ph
                        conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server
                    that you saved appears next to the <uicontrol>Server</uicontrol> menu in the <ph
                        conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>. </info>
                <stepresult>You can now start managing and monitoring this <ph
                        conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server.
                </stepresult>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <postreq>
            <p>Use the <ph conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
                /> to begin configuring and monitoring the <ph
                conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
                /> server that you specified.</p>
        </postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
