<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="pdf_REST_create_update_conpol" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Create or update a connection policy</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
  <shortdesc/>
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Creates a connection policy. A connection policy is used to authorize a connection to <ph
      conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
      /> based on one or more connection level attributes.</section>
<section>
<title>URI</title>
<p>Use the <ph conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
        /> REST API POST method with the following <ph
        conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> configuration URI:</p>
<p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/</codeph></p>
</section>
<section><title>Object configuration data</title><p>Provide ConnectionPolicy object configuration data in the payload of the POST method by using the following schema. <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to <userinput>application/json</userinput>: </p><codeblock>
     {    
       "ConnectionPolicy": {
         "&lt;NameOfConnectionPolicy>": {
           "Description": "string",
           "AllowDurable": true|false,
           "AllowPersistentMessages": true|false,
           "ClientID": "string",
           "ClientAddress": "string",
           "UserID": "string",
           "GroupID": "string",
           "CommonNames": "string",
           "Protocol": "string"
          }
        }
      }</codeblock>Where:<ul>
      <li><b>NameOfConnectionPolicy</b><p>Required.</p><p>Specifies the name of the connection policy.</p><p>The name must not have leading or trailing spaces and cannot contain control characters, commas, double quotation marks, backslashes, or equal signs. The first character must not be a number or any of the following special characters: ! # $ % &amp; ' ( ) * + - . / : ; &lt; > ? @ </p><p>The maximum length of the name is 256 characters. </p><p>After the connection policy is created, you cannot change this name.</p></li>
      <li><b>Description</b><p>Optional.</p><p>Specifies a description for the connection policy.</p><p>If you do not want a description, omit <codeph>"Description":"<i>description</i>"</codeph>.</p></li>
      <li><b>AllowDurable: true|false</b><p>Optional.</p><p>Specifies whether MQTT clients can connect using a setting of <codeph>cleanSession=0</codeph> (true) or not (false).</p><p>The default value is true.</p><p>This value is applied only when the protocol that is being used is MQTT.</p></li>
      <li><b>AllowPersistentMessages: true|false</b><p>Optional.</p><p>Specifies whether MQTT clients can publish messages with a QoS of 1 or 2 (true) or not (false).</p><p>The default value is true.</p><p>This value is applied only when the protocol that is being used is MQTT.</p></li>
      </ul><p>Specify at least one of the following filters:<ul>
      <li><b>ClientID</b><p>Optional.</p><p>Specifies the client ID that is allowed to connect to <ph
        conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
        />.</p><p>You can use an asterisk (*) at the end of the value to match 0 or more characters.</p><p>You can use variable substitution in the client ID to ensure that only clients with a client ID that matches the user ID or the certificate common name, can connect. The variable for user IDs is <codeph>${UserID}</codeph>. The variable for certificate common name is <codeph>${CommonName}</codeph>. You can specify extra characters along with the variable. For example, you can specify that the client ID must match <codeph>myClient/${UserID}</codeph>. In this case, a client with the user ID <codeph>userA</codeph> and the client ID <codeph>myClient/userA</codeph> can connect. A client with the user ID <codeph>userB</codeph> and the client ID <codeph>myClient/userB</codeph> can connect. However, a client with the user ID <codeph>userB</codeph>, but the client ID <codeph>notMyClient</codeph>, cannot connect.</p><p>To use the default value, where all client ID values are allowed to connect, omit <codeph>"ClientID":"<i>clientID</i>"</codeph>.</p></li>
      <li><b>ClientAddress</b><p>Optional.</p><p>Specifies the client IP addresses that are allowed to connect to <ph
        conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
        />.</p><p>The IP address can contain an asterisk (*), or a comma-separated list of IPv4 or IPv6 addresses or ranges. For example, 192.0.2.32, 192.0.0.0, 192.0.2.0-192.0.2.100. The range must be specified from low to high.</p><p>IPv6 addresses must be enclosed in brackets <codeph>[ ]</codeph>.</p><p>To use the default value, where all client IP addresses are allowed to connect, omit <codeph>"ClientAddress":"<i>IP_Address</i>"</codeph>.</p></li>
      <li><b>UserID</b><p>Optional.</p><p>Specifies the messaging user ID that is allowed to connect to <ph
        conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
        />.</p><p>You can use an asterisk (*) at the end of the value to match 0 or more characters.</p><p>To use the default value, where all user ID values are allowed to connect, omit <codeph>"UserID": "<varname>UserID</varname>"</codeph>.</p></li>
      <li><b>GroupID</b><p>Optional.</p><p>Specifies the messaging group that is allowed to connect to <ph
        conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
        />.</p><p>You can use an asterisk (*) at the end of the value to match 0 or more characters.</p><p>To use the default value, where all groups are allowed to connect, omit <codeph>"GroupID": "<varname>GroupID</varname>"</codeph>.</p></li>
      <li><b>CommonNames</b><p>Optional.</p><p>Specifies the client certificate common name that must be used to connect to <ph
        conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
        />.</p><p>You can use an asterisk (*) at the end of the value to match 0 or more characters.</p><p>To use the default value, where all client certificates are allowed to connect, </p><p>omit <codeph>"CommonNames":"<varname>CommonNames</varname>"</codeph>.</p></li>
      <li><b>Protocol</b><p>Optional.</p><p>Specifies which protocols are allowed to connect to <ph
        conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
        />.</p><p>You can choose from JMS and MQTT protocols. If there are any protocol plug-ins installed on the <ph
        conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
        /> server, you can specify these as well. To specify more than one value, separate each value with a comma. To select all protocols, specify a null value for Protocol or omit the parameter from the command.</p></li>
      </ul></p></section>
<section>
<title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title>
<ul>
<li>Each of the filters, <parmname>ClientAddress</parmname>, <parmname>ClientID</parmname>, <parmname>UserID</parmname>, <parmname>GroupID</parmname>, <parmname>CommonNames</parmname>, and <parmname>Protocols</parmname>, is applied in combination. If you specify several filters, each condition must be met in order for the client to connect to <ph
          conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
          />. For each filter that you do not specify, all values for that filter are allowed.<p>For example, a connection policy is created that specifies: <codeph>"GroupID=SILVER" "UserID=SIL*" "Protocol=JMS"</codeph>. A client with User ID <codeph>SIL1</codeph>, in group <codeph>SILVER</codeph>, that is using JMS can connect. A client with a User ID <codeph>SIL2</codeph>, in group <codeph>GOLD</codeph>, that is using JMS cannot connect because not all of the filter conditions are met.</p></li>
</ul>
</section>
<section>
<title>Related <ph conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/></title>
      <ul>
        <li><xref format="dita" href="pdf_REST_create_update_msghub.dita" scope="local"
          type="reference"/></li>
        <li><xref format="dita" href="pdf_cmd_create_update_topicpol.dita" scope="local"
          type="reference"/></li>
        <li><xref format="dita" href="pdf_cmd_create_update_subscriptionpol.dita" scope="local"
          type="reference"/></li>
        <li><xref format="dita" href="pdf_cmd_create_update_queuepol.dita" scope="local"
          type="reference"/></li>
        <li><xref format="dita" href="pdf_REST_create_update_endpoint.dita" scope="local"
          type="reference"/></li>
      </ul>
</section>
<section><title>Example</title>Creates a connection policy called "MyConnectionPolicy" by using
        cURL:<lines>
             curl -X POST \
               -H 'Content-Type: application/json'  \
               -d  '{ 
                     "ConnectionPolicy": {   
                       "MyConnectionPolicy": {
                         "Description": "Connection policy to authorize connection from demo client.",
                         "ClientID": "*"
                      }
                    }
                }
             '  \
            http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/configuration/</lines><p>An
        example response to the POST
        method:<codeblock>
       {        
         "Version": "v1",
         "Code": "CWLNA6011",
         "Message": "The requested configuration change has completed successfully."
       }
</codeblock></p></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
