<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00942_" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Configuring cluster membership by using <ph
    conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/></title>
  <shortdesc>System administrators can configure clusters by using a <ph
    conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPI"/>. The <ph
    conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPI"
    /> allows you to configure the cluster membership attributes of <ph
    conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> servers.</shortdesc>
  <taskbody>
    <context><p>You can use the <ph
      conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
      /> REST API POST method to configure the cluster membership of <ph
      conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
      /> servers. If the cluster that is specified in the request does not exist in the <ph
      conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
      /> configuration table, then the cluster is created. Otherwise the cluster configuration is updated.</p>For more information about the components you must specify to configure cluster membership, including naming restrictions, see <xref
      href="pdf_ad00940_.dita"/>.</context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>To configure the cluster membership of an <ph
          conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server, use the <ph
          conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
          /> REST API POST method with the following configuration URI:</cmd>
        <info>
          <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/</codeph></p>
        </info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Provide ClusterMembership object configuration data in the payload of the POST method
          by using the following schema. <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to
            <userinput>application/json</userinput>: </cmd>
        <info><codeblock>
     {    
       "ClusterMembership": {
           "EnableClusterMembership": true|false,
           "ClusterName": "string",
           "UseMulticastDiscovery": true|false,
           "MulticastDiscoveryTTL": integer,
           "DiscoveryServerList": "string",
           "ControlAddress": "string",
           "ControlPort": integer,
           "ControlExternalAddress": "string",
           "ControlExternalPort": integer,
           "MessagingAddress": "string",
           "MessagingPort": integer,
           "MessagingExternalAddress":"string",
           "MessagingExternalPort": integer,
           "MessagingUseTLS": true|false,
           "DiscoveryPort": integer,
           "DiscoveryTime": integer 
          }
        }
      }</codeblock><?Pub Caret 283?>Where:<dl>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>EnableClusterMembership: true|false</dt>
            <dd>Specifies whether clustering is enabled.</dd>
            <dd>If the server is to join a cluster, <apiname>EnableClusterMembership</apiname> must be set to true.</dd>
            <dd>If the server is to leave a cluster, <apiname>EnableClusterMembership</apiname> must be set to false.</dd>
            <dd>After the server is configured to join or leave a cluster, the server must be restarted for the cluster configuration to take effect.</dd>
            <dd>The default value is false which means that clustering is not enabled.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>ClusterName</dt>
            <dd>Required.</dd>
            <dd>Specifies the name of the cluster.</dd>
            <dd>The cluster name must be unique within the local area network.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>UseMulticastDiscovery: true|false</dt>
            <dd>Optional.</dd>
            <dd>Specifies whether cluster members are in a list or discovered by multicast. </dd>
            <dd>If <apiname>UseMulticastDiscovery</apiname> is set to true, multicast is used to locate other members of the cluster.</dd>
            <dd>If <apiname>UseMulticastDiscovery</apiname> is set to false, <apiname>DiscoveryServerList</apiname> must be set.</dd>
            <dd>The set of servers that is located is the set located by multicast discovery or by using <apiname>DiscoveryServerList</apiname>. The set also includes any servers that are known to any of the servers found by either setting <apiname>UseMulticastDiscovery</apiname> to true or by specifying a value in <apiname>DiscoveryServerList</apiname>.</dd>
            <dd>The default value is true.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>MulticastDiscoveryTTL</dt>
            <dd>When <apiname>UseMulticastDiscovery</apiname> is true, <apiname>MulticastDiscoveryTTL</apiname> specifies the number of routers, or hops, that multicast traffic is allowed to pass through.</dd>
            <dd><apiname>MulticastDiscoveryTTL</apiname> is not used if <apiname>UseMulticastDiscovery</apiname> is false.</dd>
            <dd>The value must be in the range 1-256.</dd>
            <dd>The default value is 1.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>DiscoveryServerList</dt>
            <dd>Required if <apiname>UseMulticastDiscovery</apiname> is false. </dd>
            <dd>Comma-separated list of servers in the cluster that this server is to join.</dd>
            <dd>The format that represents each server in the list is <codeph>ControlAddress:ControlPort</codeph></dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>ControlAddress</dt>
            <dd>Required if <apiname>EnableClusterMembership</apiname> is true. </dd>
            <dd>The IP address of the control interface. </dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>ControlPort</dt>
            <dd>Required. </dd>
            <dd>The port number to use for the control interface.</dd>
            <dd>The value must be in the range 1-65535.</dd>
            <dd>The default value is 9104.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>ControlExternalAddress</dt>
            <dd>The external IP address or host name of the control interface it is different from the IP address specified in <apiname>ControlAddress</apiname>.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>ControlExternalPort</dt>
            <dd>The external port number to use for the <apiname>ControlExternalAddress</apiname>.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>MessagingAddress</dt>
            <dd>The IP address of the messaging channel if it is different from the IP address specified in <apiname>ControlAddress</apiname>.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>MessagingPort</dt>
            <dd>The port number to use for the messaging interface.</dd>
            <dd>Ensure that the port number for the messaging interface is not the same as the port number for the control interface.</dd>
            <dd>The value must be in the range 1-65535.</dd>
            <dd>The default value is 9105.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>MessagingExternalAddress</dt>
            <dd>The external IP address or host name of the messaging channel if it is different from the IP address specified in <apiname>MessagingAddress</apiname>.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>MessagingExternalPort</dt>
            <dd>The external port number to use for the <apiname>MessagingExternalAddress</apiname>.</dd>
            <dd>The value must be in the range 1-65535.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>MessagingUseTLS: true|false</dt>
            <dd>Specifies whether the messaging channel should use TLS.</dd>
            <dd>The default value is false which means that the messaging channel is not to use TLS.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>DiscoveryPort</dt>
            <dd>The port number to be used for multicast discovery. </dd>
            <dd>The port number must be the same for all members of the cluster.</dd>
            <dd><apiname>DiscoveryPort</apiname> is not used if <apiname>UseMulticastDiscovery</apiname> is false.</dd>
            <dd>Specify a value in the range 1-65535.</dd>
            <dd>The default value is 9106.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>DiscoveryTime</dt>
            <dd>The time, in seconds, that the cluster spends during server start up to discover other servers in the cluster and get updated information from them.</dd>
            <dd>Specify a value in the range 1-2147483647.</dd>
            <dd>The default value is 10.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          </dl></info>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <example>
      <p>The following example shows a POST method in cURL to configure the cluster membership of a server that is to join a cluster called "MyBetaCluster":</p>
      <lines>
curl -X POST \
     -d  ' {
             "ClusterMembership": {
                 "EnableClusterMembership":  true,
                 "ControlAddress":  "10.10.33.11",
                 "DiscoveryServerList":  "10.10.33.12:9104,10.10.33.10:9104",
                 "ClusterName":  "MyBetaCluster"
                   }
              }
           ' \
        http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/configuration
</lines>
      <p>The following example shows an example response to the POST method:</p>
      <codeblock>
       {        
         "Version": "v1",
         "Code": "CWLNA6011",
         "Message": "The requested configuration change has completed successfully."
       }
</codeblock>
    </example>
  </taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000008400?>
