<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="pdf_ad00392_" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Configuring the admin endpoint by using a <ph
      conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPI"/></title>
  <!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
  <!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
  <!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
  <shortdesc>System administrators can configure the admin endpoint by using a <ph
      conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPI"/>.</shortdesc>
  <!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
  <!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
  <taskbody>
    <context><p>You can configure the admin endpoint by using a <ph
          conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPI"/>, or by using the
          <ph conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>. For more
        information about using the <ph
          conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> to configure the
        admin endpoint, see <xref href="pdf_ad00391_.dita"/>.</p>For more information about the
      components that you can specify when you configure the admin endpoint, and the components that
      you must specify to create a configuration policy to use with the admin endpoint, including
      naming restrictions, see <xref href="pdf_ad00390_.dita"/>.</context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>To update the configuration of the admin endpoint, use the <ph
            conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API POST method
          with the following URI:</cmd>
        <info>
          <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/</codeph></p>
          <p>You cannot change the name of the admin endpoint; it is pre-configured as
            AdminEndpoint.</p>
        </info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Provide admin endpoint object configuration data in the payload of the POST method by
          using the following schema. <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to
            <userinput>application/json</userinput>: </cmd>
        <info><codeblock>
     {    
       "AdminEndpoint": {
         "Description": "string",
         "SecurityProfile": "string",
         "Port": "integer",
         "Interface": "string",
         "ConfigurationPolicies": "string"            
        }
      }</codeblock><?Pub Caret 283?>Where:<ul>
            <li><b>SecurityProfile</b><p>Optional.</p><p>The security profile that the admin endpoint uses.</p><p>Ensure that the security profile already exists.</p></li>
            <li><b>Port</b><p>Optional</p><p>The port number that the admin endpoint listens on.</p><p>This value must be in the range 1-65535.</p><p>The default value is 9089.</p></li>
            <li><b>Interface</b><p>Optional</p><p>The IP address that the admin endpoint listens on.</p><p>The default value is All.</p></li>
            <li><b>ConfigurationPolicies</b><p>Optional</p><p>The configuration policies that are applied to the admin endpoint.</p><p>Ensure that the security profile already exists.</p></li>
          </ul></info>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <example>
      <p>The following example shows a POST method to configure the admin endpoint by using cURL: </p>
      <lines>

             curl -X POST  \
                 -H 'Content-Type: application/json'  \
                 -d  '{    
                          "AdminEndpoint": {                  
                          "SecurityProfile": "AdminDefaultSecProfile", 
                          "Port": 9089,                  
                          "Interface": "9.3.179.101",  
                          "ConfigurationPolicies": "AdminDefaultConfigProfile"
                        }
                   }
                '  \
              http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/configuration/</lines>
      <p>The following example shows an example response to the POST method:</p>
      <codeblock>
       {        
         "Version”: "v1",
         "Code": "CWLNA6011",
         "Message": "The requested configuration change has completed successfully."
       }
</codeblock>
    </example>
  </taskbody>
</task>
