<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00327_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Creating and updating a connection policy by using <ph
      conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/></title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can create and update connection policies by using <ph
      conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq>Ensure that the following message hub creation tasks are complete:<ol>
<li><xref href="pdf_ad00323_.dita">Create a message hub</xref>.</li>
</ol></prereq>
<context><p>You can create a connection policy by using a <ph
      conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPI"/>, or by using the <ph
      conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
      />. For more information about using the <ph
      conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
      /> to create a connection policy, see <xref href="pdf_ad00361_.dita"
      />.</p><p>You can use the <ph
      conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
      /> REST API POST method to create or update one or more connection policy objects. If the connection policy that is specified in the request does not exist in the <ph
      conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
      /> configuration table, then the connection policy is created. Otherwise the connection policy configuration is updated.</p>For more information about the components you must specify to create a connection policy, including naming restrictions, see <xref
      href="pdf_ad00360_.dita"/>.</context>
<steps>
<step>
        <cmd>To create or update one or more connection policy objects, use the <ph
          conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
          /> REST API POST method with the following <ph
          conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
          /> configuration URI:</cmd>
        <info>
          <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/</codeph></p>
        </info>
      </step>
   <step>
    <cmd>Provide ConnectionPolicy object configuration data in the payload of the POST method by
     using the following schema. <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to
      <userinput>application/json</userinput>: </cmd>
    <info><codeblock>
     {    
       "ConnectionPolicy": {
         "&lt;NameOfConnectionPolicy>": {
           "Description": "string",
           "AllowDurable": true|false,
           "AllowPersistentMessages": true|false,
           "ClientID": "string",
           "ClientAddress": "string",
           "UserID": "string",
           "GroupID": "string",
           "CommonNames": "string",
           "Protocol": "string"
          }
        }
      }</codeblock><?Pub Caret 283?>Where:<ul>
          <li><b>NameOfConnectionPolicy</b><p>Required. </p><p>Specifies the name of the connection policy.</p><p>The name must not have leading or trailing spaces and cannot contain control characters, commas, double quotation marks, backslashes, or equal signs. The first character must not be a number or any of the following special characters: ! # $ % &amp; ' ( ) * + - . / : ; &lt; > ? @ </p><p>The maximum length of the name is 256 characters. </p><p>After the connection policy is created, you cannot change this name.</p></li>
          <li><b>Description</b><p>Optional.</p><p>Specifies a description for the connection policy.</p><p>If you do not want a description, omit <codeph>"Description":"<i>description</i>"</codeph>.</p></li>
          <li><b>AllowDurable: true|false</b><p>Optional.</p><p>Specifies whether MQTT clients can connect using a setting of <codeph>cleanSession=0</codeph> (true) or not (false).</p><p>The default value is true.</p><p>This value is applied only when the protocol that is being used is MQTT.</p></li>
          <li><b>AllowPersistentMessages: true|false</b><p>Optional.</p><p>Specifies whether MQTT clients can publish messages with a QoS of 1 or 2 (true) or not (false).</p><p>The default value is true.</p><p>This value is applied only when the protocol that is being used is MQTT.</p></li>
          </ul>You must specify at least one of the following filters:<ul>
          <li><b>ClientID</b><p>Specifies the client ID that is allowed to connect to <ph
            conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
            />.</p><p>You can use an asterisk (*) at the end of the value to match 0 or more characters.</p><p>You can use variable substitution in the client ID to ensure that only clients with a client ID that matches the user ID or the certificate common name, can connect. The variable for user IDs is <codeph>${UserID}</codeph>. The variable for certificate common name is <codeph>${CommonName}</codeph>. You can specify extra characters along with the variable. For example, you can specify that the client ID must match <codeph>myClient/${UserID}</codeph>. In this case, a client with the user ID <codeph>userA</codeph> and the client ID <codeph>myClient/userA</codeph> can connect. A client with the user ID <codeph>userB</codeph> and the client ID <codeph>myClient/userB</codeph> can connect. However, a client with the user ID <codeph>userB</codeph>, but the client ID <codeph>notMyClient</codeph>, cannot connect.</p><p>To use the default value, where all client ID values are allowed to connect, omit <codeph>"ClientID":"<i>clientID</i>"</codeph>.</p></li>
          <li><b>ClientAddress</b><p>Specifies the client IP addresses that are allowed to connect to <ph
            conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
            />.</p><p>The IP address can contain an asterisk (*), or a comma-separated list of IPv4 or IPv6 addresses or ranges. For example, 192.0.2.32, 192.0.0.0, 192.0.2.0-192.0.2.100. The range must be specified from low to high.</p><p>IPv6 addresses must be enclosed in brackets <codeph>[ ]</codeph>.</p><p>To use the default value, where all client IP addresses are allowed to connect, omit <codeph>"ClientAddress":"<i>IP_Address</i>"</codeph>.</p></li>
          <li><b>UserID</b><p>Specifies the messaging user ID that is allowed to connect to <ph
            conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
            />.</p><p>You can use an asterisk (*) at the end of the value to match 0 or more characters.</p><p>To use the default value, where all user ID values are allowed to connect, omit <codeph>"UserID": "<varname>UserID</varname>"</codeph>.</p></li>
          <li><b>GroupID</b><p>Specifies the messaging group that is allowed to connect to <ph
            conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
            />.</p><p>You can use an asterisk (*) at the end of the value to match 0 or more characters.</p><p>To use the default value, where all groups are allowed to connect, omit <codeph>"GroupID": "<varname>GroupID</varname>"</codeph>.</p></li>
          <li><b>CommonNames</b><p>Specifies the client certificate common name that must be used to connect to <ph
            conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
            />.</p><p>You can use an asterisk (*) at the end of the value to match 0 or more characters.</p><p>To use the default value, where all client certificates are allowed to connect, </p><p>omit <codeph>"CommonNames":"<varname>CommonNames</varname>"</codeph>.</p></li>
          <li><b>Protocol</b><p>Specifies which protocols are allowed to connect to <ph
            conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
            />.</p><p>You can choose from JMS and MQTT protocols. If there are any protocol plug-ins installed on the <ph
            conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
            /> server, you can specify these as well. To specify more than one value, separate each value with a comma. To select all protocols, specify a null value for Protocol or omit the parameter from the command.</p></li>
          </ul></info>
   </step>
</steps>
<example>
      <p>The following example shows a POST method to create a connection policy called
        "MyConnectionPolicy" by using cURL:</p>
      <lines>

 curl -X POST \
   -H  'Content-Type: application/json'  \
   -d  '{                       
           "ConnectionPolicy": {   
             "MyConnectionPolicy": {
               "Description": "Connection policy to authorize connection from demo client.",
               "ClientID": "*"
              }
          }
      }
  '   \
  http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/configuration/</lines>
      <p>The following example shows an example response to the POST method:</p>
      <codeblock>
       {        
         "Version": "v1",
         "Code": "CWLNA6011",
         "Message": "The requested configuration change has completed successfully."
       }
</codeblock>
    </example>
<postreq>You must complete the following tasks to finish the message
hub configuration:<ol>
<li><xref href="PDF_ad00450_.dita">Create messaging policies</xref>.</li>
<li><xref href="pdf_ad00369_.dita">Create endpoints</xref>.</li>
</ol></postreq>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000008400?>
