<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="ad00390_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring the administration endpoint</title>
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>You can configure the administration (admin) endpoint either by using the <ph
            conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> or by using the
            <ph conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPI"/>. </shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>The admin endpoint allows you to administer and monitor <ph
                conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>. You can use
            configuration policies to define which users can perform which administrative and
            monitoring operations. When you configure the admin endpoint, you can specify the
            following components:<ul>
                <li><b>IP Address</b><p>The IP address that the admin endpoint listens on.</p><p>The
                        default value is All.</p></li>
                <li><b>Port</b><p>The port number that the admin endpoint listens on.</p><p>This
                        value must be in the range 1-65535.</p><p>The default value is
                    9089.</p></li>
                <li><b>Security Profile</b><p>The security profile that the admin endpoint
                        uses.</p><p>Ensure that the security profile already exists.</p></li>
                <li><b>Configuration Policies</b><p>The configuration policies that are applied to
                        the admin endpoint.</p></li>
            </ul></p>
<p>You can also change the admin superuser ID and password.</p>
<section>
<title>Configuration policies</title>
<p>Configuration policies define the administrative and monitoring tasks that can be performed by a user, or by a group of users. </p>
<p>When you create a configuration policy, you must specify the following components:<ul>
                    <li><b>Name</b><p>Specifies the name that identifies the configuration
                                                  policy.</p><p>The name must not have leading or
                                                  trailing spaces and cannot contain control
                                                  characters, commas, double quotation marks,
                                                  backslashes, or equal signs. The first character
                                                  must not be a number or any of the following
                                                  special characters: ! # $ % &amp; ' ( ) * + - . /
                                                  : ; &lt; > ? @</p></li>
                    <li><b>Authority</b><p>Specifies the level of authority that is granted to the
                            user, or users, authorized by the configuration policy to perform
                            administrative or monitoring tasks. You must specify at least one of the
                            following levels of authority:<ul>
                                <li><b>Configure</b><p>Grants authority to modify the server
                                        configuration.</p></li>
                                <li><b>View</b><p>Grants authority to view the server
                                                  configuration.</p></li>
                                <li><b>Monitor</b><p>Grants authority to view monitoring
                                    data.</p></li>
                                <li><b>Manage</b><p>Grants authority to issue service requests, such
                                        as restarting the server</p></li>
                            </ul></p></li>
                </ul></p>
<p>You must also specify at least one of the following filters:<ul>
                    <li><b>User ID</b><p>Specifies the user ID that is granted the administrative
                            and monitoring authorities that are specified in the configuration
                            policy. </p><p>You can use an asterisk (*) at the end of the value to
                            match 0 or more characters.</p></li>
                    <li><b>Group ID</b><p>Specifies the group of users that is granted the
                            administrative and monitoring authorities that are specified in the
                            configuration policy. </p><p>You can use an asterisk (*) at the end of
                            the value to match 0 or more characters.</p></li>
                    <li><b>Client IP address</b><p>Specifies the client IP addresses that are
                            granted the administrative and monitoring authorities that are specified
                            in the configuration policy.</p><p>The IP address can contain an
                            asterisk (*), or a comma-separated list of IPv4 or IPv6 addresses or
                            ranges. For example, 192.0.2.32, 192.0.0.0, 192.0.2.0-192.0.2.100. The
                            range must be specified from low to high.</p><p>IPv6 addresses must be
                            enclosed in brackets <codeph>[ ]</codeph>.</p></li>
                    <li><b>Certificate Common Name</b><p>Specifies the client certificate common
                            name that must be used for a client to be allowed to use the authorities
                            that are specified in the configuration policy. </p><p>You can use an
                            asterisk (*) at the end of the value to match 0 or more
                        characters.</p></li>
                </ul></p>
<p>For more information about configuring the admin endpoint by using the <ph
                                        conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
                                />, see <xref href="pdf_ad00391_.dita"/>.</p>
<p>For more information about configuring the admin endpoint by using the <ph
                    conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPI"/>, see
                    <xref href="pdf_ad00392_.dita"/>.</p>
</section>
</conbody>
</concept>
