<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00368_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Creating and updating a messaging policy by using <ph
   conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/></title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can create and update messaging policies by using <ph
   conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq>Ensure that the following message hub creation tasks are complete:<ol>
<li><xref href="pdf_ad00323_.dita">Create a message hub</xref>.</li>
<li><xref href="pdf_ad00327_.dita">Create a connection policy</xref>.</li>
</ol></prereq>
<context><p>You can create a messaging policy or update an existing messaging policy by using a <ph
     conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPI"/>, or by using the <ph
     conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>. For more information
    about using the <ph conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> to
    create a messaging policy, see <xref href="pdf_ad00361_.dita"/>.</p><p>You can use the IBM
    MessageSight REST API POST method to create or update one or more messaging policy objects. If
    the messaging policy that is specified in the request does not exist in the IBM MessageSight
    configuration table, then the messaging policy is created. Otherwise the messaging policy
    configuration is updated.</p>For more information about the components you must specify to
   create a messaging policy, including naming restrictions, see <xref href="pdf_ad00360_.dita"
   />.</context>
<steps>
<step>
        <cmd>To create or update a messaging policy, use the IBM MessageSight REST API POST method with the following IBM MessageSight configuration URI:</cmd>
        <info>
          <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/</codeph></p>
        </info>
      </step>
   <step>
    <cmd>Provide MessagingPolicy object configuration data in the payload of the POST method by
     using the following schema. <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to
      <userinput>application/json</userinput>: </cmd>
    <info><codeblock>
     {    
        "MessagingPolicy": {
          "&lt;NameOfMessagingPolicy>": {
            "Description": "string",
            "Destination": "string",
            "DestinationType": "string",
            "ActionList": "string",
            "MaxMessages": integer,
            "MaxMessagesBehaviour": "string",
            "MaxMessageTimeToLive": "string",
            "DisconnectedClientNotification": true|false,
            "ClientID": "string",
            "UserID": "string",
            "GroupID": "string",
            "CommonNames": "string",
            "ClientAddress": "string",
            "Protocol": "string"             
         }
       }
     }</codeblock>Where:<ul>
          <li><b>NameOfMessagingPolicy</b><p>Required.</p><p>Specifies the name of the messaging policy.</p><p>The name must not have leading or trailing spaces and cannot contain control characters, commas, double quotation marks, backslashes, or equal signs. The first character must not be a number or any of the following special characters: ! # $ % &amp; ' ( ) * + - . / : ; &lt; > ? @</p><p>Specifies the name of the messaging policy.</p><p>After the messaging policy is created, you cannot change this name.</p></li>
          <li><b>Description</b><p>Optional.</p><p>Specifies a description for the messaging policy.</p><p>If you do not want a description, omit "Description": "description".</p></li>
          <li><b>Destination</b><p>Required if you are creating a messaging policy.</p><p>For messaging policies that apply to topics, <codeph>Destination</codeph> specifies the topic string that the messaging policy applies to.</p><p>For messaging policies that apply to queues, <codeph>Destination</codeph> specifies the queue that the messaging policy applies to.</p><p>For messaging policies that apply to global-shared durable subscriptions, <codeph>Destination</codeph> specifies the subscription name that the messaging policy applies to. </p><p>If you are using MQTT global-shared subscriptions, you must configure a topic messaging policy and a subscription messaging policy. The <parmname>Destination</parmname> parameter in both types of policy must be correctly specified; for more information, see <xref
            format="dita"
            href="https://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/nl/en-us/SSCGGQ_1.2.0/com.ibm.ism.doc/Security/se00019_.html"
            scope="external" type="concept"
            >Topic filters for MQTT global-shared subscriptions</xref>.</p><p>You can use an asterisk (*) as a wildcard. For example, to apply the message policy to topic strings <codeph>TOPICA/#</codeph>, enter a destination of <codeph>TOPICA/*</codeph>. You must take care when you use a wildcard to ensure that you do not grant greater authority to topics than intended. For more information about how wildcard characters can be used, see <xref
            format="dita"
            href="https://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/nl/en-us/SSCGGQ_1.2.0/com.ibm.ism.doc/Overview/ov00032.html"
            scope="external" type="section"
            >Wildcards</xref> documentation in the IBM Knowledge Center.</p><p>If the messaging policy applies to a global-shared subscription that is to be used by MQTT applications, ensure that you do not include the forward slash character ( /) in <varname>destinationName</varname>.</p><p>The dollar sign ($) and asterisk (*) have special meanings in the destination field. To use these characters as literals, use <codeph>${$}</codeph> for a dollar sign, and use <codeph>${*}</codeph> for an asterisk.</p><p>You can use variable substitution in the topic string or queue to ensure that only clients with specific user IDs, group IDs, client IDs, or client certificate common names can access a topic. The variables are:<ul>
            <li><codeph>${UserID}</codeph> for the user ID. </li>
            <li><codeph>${GroupID}</codeph> for the group ID.</li>
            <li><codeph>${ClientID}</codeph> for the client ID. You cannot use <codeph>${ClientID}</codeph> for a messaging policy of type <codeph>subscription</codeph>.</li>
            <li><codeph>${CommonName}</codeph> for the client certificate common name. </li>
            </ul></p><p>For example, if a topic string in a messaging policy is <codeph>ExampleTopic/TopicA/${ClientID}</codeph>, a client with an ID of <codeph>client_a</codeph> can access topic <codeph>ExampleTopic/TopicA/client_a</codeph>. A client with an ID of <codeph>client_b</codeph> cannot access topic <codeph>ExampleTopic/TopicA/client_a</codeph>, but can access <codeph>ExampleTopic/TopicA/client_b</codeph>.</p></li>
          <li><b>DestinationType</b><p>Required if you are creating a messaging policy.</p><p>Specifies whether the messaging policy applies to topics, queues, or global-shared durable subscriptions.</p><p>You can specify one of the following values:<ul>
            <li>Topic</li>
            <li>Queue</li>
            <li>Subscription</li>
            </ul></p><p>After you have created the messaging policy, you cannot change the destination type.</p></li>
          <li><b>ActionList</b><p>Required if you are creating a messaging policy.</p><p>Specifies which messaging actions can be used by clients that connect to endpoints associated with this messaging policy.</p><p>You can specify the following values for a messaging policy for topics To specify more than one, separate each value with a comma:<ul>
            <li><b><codeph>Publish</codeph></b><p>Allows clients to publish to the topic that is specified in the messaging policy.</p></li>
            <li><b><codeph>Subscribe</codeph></b><p>Allows clients to subscribe to the topic that is specified in the messaging policy.</p></li>
            </ul></p><p>You can specify the following values for a messaging policy for queues. To specify more than one, separate each value with a comma:<ul>
            <li><b><codeph>Send</codeph></b><p>Allows clients to send messages to the queue that is specified in the messaging policy.</p></li>
            <li><b><codeph>Receive</codeph></b><p>Allows clients to receive messages from the queue that is specified in the messaging policy.</p></li>
            <li><b><codeph>Browse</codeph></b><p>Allows clients to browse messages on the queue that is specified in the messaging policy.</p></li>
            </ul></p><p>You can specify the following values for a messaging policy for global-shared durable subscriptions. To specify more than one, separate each value with a comma:<ul>
            <li><b><codeph><b>Receive</b></codeph></b><p>Allows clients to receive messages from the global-shared durable subscription that is specified in the <parmname>Destination</parmname> field of the messaging policy.</p><p>If you specify this value, you must ensure that the authority to subscribe is granted in messaging policy where the <parmname>DestinationType</parmname> is set to <codeph>Topic</codeph>. </p></li>
            <li><b><codeph><b>Control</b></codeph></b><p>Allows global-shared durable subscriptions to be created and deleted. The name of the global-shared durable subscription is specified in the <parmname>Destination</parmname> field of the messaging policy.</p><p>To create or delete a global-shared durable subscription, a client must be allowed to receive messages. Therefore, if you select <codeph>Control</codeph>, you must also select <codeph>Receive</codeph> within the same messaging policy.</p></li>
            </ul></p></li>
          </ul><ul>
          <li><b>MaxMessages</b><p>Optional.</p><p>Specifies the maximum number of messages that are kept for a subscription. This value is a guideline, rather than an absolute limit. If the system is running under stress, then the number of buffered messages on a subscription might be slightly higher than the MaxMessages value.</p><p>This value is not valid when <codeph>"DestinationType": "Queue"</codeph>.</p><p>The MaxMessages value for a global-shared durable subscription must be specified in the subscription messaging policy. If a MaxMessages value is also specified in the associated topic messaging policy, the value from the subscription messaging policy is used. </p></li>
          <li><b>MaxMessagesBehavior</b><p>Optional.</p><p>Specifies the behavior that is applied when the number of messages in the buffer for a subscription reaches the max messages value. That is, when the buffer for a subscription is full. The behavior is applied to both durable and non-durable subscriptions.</p><p>The behavior can be one of the following options:<ul>
            <li><b>Reject new messages</b><p>New messages are not accepted on the buffer for the subscription.</p></li>
            <li><b>Discard old messages</b><p>A percentage of the old messages on the buffer for the subscription are discarded. If a retained message is one of the old messages, it is discarded. The quality of service, persistence, and priority of the message does not prevent a message from being discarded. Therefore, if all messages must be received in order for your applications to function correctly, you cannot set Max Messages Behavior to Discard Old messages.</p></li>
            </ul></p></li>
          <li><b>Max Message Time to Live</b><p>Optional.</p><p>Specifies the maximum time, in seconds, that a published or sent message that is associated with the messaging policy can exist for in <ph
            conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
            />.</p><p>The value must be either <codeph>unlimited</codeph> or in the range 1-2147483647.</p><p>The default value is <codeph>unlimited</codeph> and means that messages will not expire unless the publishing application specifies a time for messages to exist for.</p><p>This value is applied only when the messaging policy has either: <ul>
            <li>A destination type of topic and includes an action of publish, or </li>
            <li>A destination type of queue and includes an action of send.</li>
            </ul></p><p>Ensure that client and server times are synchronized in order to minimize the possibility of expired messages being received. </p></li>
          <li><b>Disconnected client notification</b><p>Optional.</p><p>Specifies whether notification messages are published for disconnected MQTT clients on arrival of a message.</p><p>The default value is <codeph>False</codeph>.</p><p>This value is only applied when the messaging policy has a destination type of topic, and the protocol that is used is MQTT.</p><p>The notification messages are published to the reserved system topic </p><p><codeph>$SYS/DisconnectedClientNotification</codeph>.</p></li>
          </ul><p>You must specify at least one of the following filters:<ul>
          <li><b>Client ID</b><p>Specifies the client ID that is allowed to use the messaging actions that are specified in the messaging policy. The client ID is allowed to use the messaging actions only on the topics or queues that are specified in the policy.</p><p>When <codeph>DestinationType": "Subscription"</codeph>, you cannot specify a client ID.</p><p>You can use an asterisk (*) at the end of the value to match 0 or more characters.</p><p>To use the default value, where all client ID values are allowed to use the actions, </p><p>omit <codeph>"ClientID":"<varname>ClientID</varname>"</codeph>.</p></li>
          <li><b>User ID</b><p>Optional.</p><p>Specifies the messaging user ID that is allowed to use the messaging actions that are specified in the messaging policy. The messaging user ID is allowed to use the messaging actions only on the topics or queues that are specified in the policy.</p><p>You can use an asterisk (*) at the end of the value to match 0 or more characters.</p><p>To use the default value, where all user ID values are allowed to use the actions, omit <codeph>"UserID": "<varname>UserID</varname>"</codeph>.</p></li>
          <li><b>GroupID</b><p>Optional.</p><p>Specifies the messaging group that is allowed to use the messaging actions that are specified in the messaging policy. The messaging group is allowed to use the messaging actions only on the topics that are specified in the policy.</p><p>You can use an asterisk (*) at the end of the value to match 0 or more characters.</p><p>To use the default value, where all groups are allowed to use the actions, omit <codeph>"GroupID": "<varname>GroupID</varname>"</codeph>.</p></li>
          <li><b>CommonNames</b><p>Optional.</p><p>Specifies the client certificate common name that must be used for a client to be allowed to use the actions that are specified in the messaging policy. The client certificate common name allows clients to use the messaging actions only on the topics or queues that are specified in the policy.</p><p>You can use an asterisk (*) at the end of the value to match 0 or more characters.</p><p>To use the default value, where all client certificates are allowed to use the actions, omit <codeph>"CommonNames": "<varname>CommonNames</varname>"</codeph>.</p></li>
          <li><b>ClientAddress</b><p>Optional.</p><p>Specifies the client IP addresses that are allowed to use the messaging actions that are specified in the messaging policy. The client IP addresses are allowed to use the messaging actions only on the topics or queues that are specified in the policy.</p><p>The IP address can contain an asterisk (*), or a comma-separated list of IPv4 or IPv6 addresses or ranges. For example, 192.0.2.32, 192.0.0.0, 192.0.2.0-192.0.2.100. The range must be specified from low to high.</p><p>IPv6 addresses must be enclosed in brackets <codeph>[ ]</codeph>.</p><p>To use the default value, where all client IP addresses are allowed to use the actions, omit <codeph>"ClientAddress": "<varname>ClientAddress</varname>"</codeph>.</p></li>
          <li><b>Protocol</b><p>Optional.</p><p>Specifies which protocols are allowed to use the actions that are specified in the messaging policy on the topics or queues that are specified in the policy.</p><p>You can choose from JMS and MQTT protocols. To specify more than one value, separate each value with a comma.</p></li>
          </ul></p></info>
   </step>
</steps>
<example>
      <p>The following example shows a POST method to create a messaging policy called
        "MyMessagingPolicy" by using cURL:</p>
      <lines>
                 curl -X POST  \
                     -H 'Content-Type: application/json'  \
                     -d  '{                          
                             "MessagingPolicy": {   
                                 "MyMessagingPolicy": {
                                  "Description": "Messaging policy to authorize a client to publish to a topic.",
                                  "DestinationType": "Topic",
                                  "Destination": "*",
                                  "ClientID": "*",
                                  "ActionList": "Publish,Subscribe"
                                }
                            }
                        }
                    '   \
                  http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/configuration/</lines>
      <p>The following example shows an example response to the POST method:</p>
      <codeblock>
       {        
         "Version": "v1",
         "Code": "CWLNA6011",
         "Message": "The requested configuration change has completed successfully."
       }
</codeblock>
    </example>
<postreq>You must complete the following tasks to finish the message
hub configuration:<ol>
<li><xref href="pdf_ad00369_.dita">Create endpoints</xref>.</li>
</ol></postreq>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000017481?>
