<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="pdf_REST_create_update_msghub" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Create or update a message hub</title>
  <shortdesc/>
<?Pub Caret -2?>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<indexterm>create MessageHub</indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Creates or updates a message hub. A message hub is an organizational object which groups endpoints, connection policies, and messaging policies that are associated with a specific goal.</section>
<section>
<title>URI</title>
<p>Use the <ph conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
        /> REST API POST method with the following <ph
        conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> configuration URI:</p>
<p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/</codeph></p>
</section>
<section><title>Object configuration data</title><p>Provide MessageHub object configuration data in the payload of the POST method by using the following schema. <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to <userinput>application/json</userinput>: </p><codeblock>
     {    
        "MessageHub": {
          "&lt;NameOfMessageHub>": {
            "Description": "string"
          }
        }
      }</codeblock>Where:<ul>
      <li><b><varname>NameOfMessageHub</varname></b><p>Required. </p><p>Specifies the name of the message hub. </p><p>The name must not have leading or trailing spaces and cannot contain control characters, commas, double quotation marks, backslashes, or equal signs. The first character must not be a number or any of the following special characters: </p><p><codeph>! # $ % &amp; ' ( ) * + - . / : ; &lt; > ? @</codeph></p><p>After the message hub is created, you cannot change this name.</p></li>
      <li><b>Description</b><p>Optional. </p><p>Specifies a description for the message hub.</p><p>If you do not want a description, omit <codeph>"Description":"<i>description</i>"</codeph>.</p></li>
      </ul></section>
<section>
<title>Related <ph conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/></title>
<ul>
<li><xref format="dita" href="pdf_REST_create_update_conpol.dita" scope="local" type="reference"
          /></li>
        <li><xref format="dita" href="pdf_cmd_create_update_topicpol.dita" scope="local"
          type="reference"/></li>
        <li><xref format="dita" href="pdf_cmd_create_update_subscriptionpol.dita" scope="local"
          type="reference"/></li>
        <li><xref format="dita" href="pdf_cmd_create_update_queuepol.dita" scope="local"
          type="reference"/></li>
        <li><xref format="dita" href="pdf_REST_create_update_endpoint.dita" scope="local"
          type="reference"/></li>
</ul>
</section>
<section><title>Example</title>Creates a message hub called <codeph>MyHub</codeph> by using
        cURL:<lines>
             curl -X POST \
               -H 'Content-Type: application/json'  \
               -d  '{  
                    "MessageHub": { 
                      "MyHub": {
                       "Description": "Message Hub to service demo clients."
                       }
                     }
                   }  
                '  \
              http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/configuration/</lines><p>An
        example response to the POST
        method:<codeblock>
       {        
         "Version": "v1",
         "Code": "CWLNA6011",
         "Message": "The requested configuration change has completed successfully."
       }
</codeblock></p></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224029 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000003261?>
