<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="qs00051_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Building and running the <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> messaging server Docker image </title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>Build and deploy the <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> messaging server Docker image and start the <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> messaging server Docker container. The <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> messaging server handles connected clients and devices, and processes messages.</shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<taskbody>
<prereq>Ensure that you have access to a yum repository so that you can use the Dockerfile in the
            .tz file to build the Docker image. </prereq>
<steps>
<step>
<cmd>In CentOS, use SCP to copy the following file to the CentOS host:</cmd>
<info>
<ul>
<li>IBMIoTMessageSightServer-2.0.Beta.&lt;<varname>build_info</varname>>.tz</li>
</ul>
<p>The .tz file has the following contents:<ul>
                        <li>The RPM and Dockerfile that are required to create the <ph
                            conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
                            /> messaging server Docker image. </li>
                        <li>A file that defines environment variables for use when the <ph
                            conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
                            /> messaging server Docker container is started after the image has been built and loaded.</li>
                        </ul></p>
<p>Ensure that you use the credentials that you provided when you provisioned the CentOS host.</p>
</info>
</step>
<step>
                <cmd>Create a subdirectory for the .tz file. </cmd>
                <info>The subdirectory holds the content of the file. For example, create a subdirectory called <codeph>msserver</codeph> for the IBMIoTMessageSightServer-2.0.Beta.&lt;<varname>build_info</varname>>.tz file.</info>
            </step>
<step>
<cmd>Unpack the contents of the .tz file into the msserver subdirectory.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Build the messaging server Docker image.</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep>
                        <cmd>In the msserver subdirectory, rename the <filepath>IBMIoTMessageSightServer-2.0-&lt;<varname>build_info</varname>>.rpm</filepath> file to <filepath>imaserver.rpm</filepath> by entering the following command:</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <codeblock>mv IBMIoTMessageSightServer-2.0-&lt;<varname>build_info</varname>>.rpm imaserver.rpm
</codeblock>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
<substep id="sudostep">
<cmd>If you are not logged in as the root user, enter the following command:</cmd>
<info><codeblock>sudo sh</codeblock>Issuing this command enables you to run subsequent commands without having to specify <codeph>sudo</codeph>.</info>
</substep>
<substep>
                        <cmd>Build the <ph
                            conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
                            /> imaserver Docker image by entering the following command:</cmd>
                        <info><codeblock>docker build --force-rm=true -t imaserver:2.0.Beta .</codeblock>Ensure that you include the period at the end of the command.</info>
                    </substep>
<substep>
                        <cmd>Confirm that the <ph
                            conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
                            /> imaserver Docker image has been built successfully by entering the following command:</cmd>
                        <info><codeblock>docker images</codeblock>and look for output that is similar to the following line:<codeblock>imaserver  2.0.Beta 0952b6b30178 2 seconds ago</codeblock></info>
                    </substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step>
                <cmd>Save the  messaging server image that you built in the previous step by entering the following command:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>docker save -o ./imaserver-2.0.Beta-dockerimage.tar imaserver:2.0.Beta</codeblock> This command creates a .tar file that you can use to deploy the <ph
                    conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
                    /> messaging server Docker image on other hosts.</info>
            </step>
<step>
<cmd>Start the <ph conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> messaging server by entering the following command:</cmd>
<info><codeblock>docker run --cap-add SYS_ADMIN --net=host -P -it --name imaserver 
--env-file=IBMIoTMessageSightServer-docker.env -m 4g -d imaserver:2.0.Beta</codeblock> This command creates and starts the <ph
                    conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
                    /> messaging server Docker container.<p>The following table shows the environment variables that are in the <filepath>IBMIoTMessageSightServer-docker.env</filepath> file. You can set the environment variables and include them in the <filepath>IBMIoTMessageSightServer-docker.env</filepath> file and include the file in the <codeph>docker run</codeph> command or you can specify them separately in the command by using the <codeph>-e</codeph> argument on the command.<table
                    frame="all" id="table_acx_2s1_3s">
                    <title><ph conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
                        /> messaging server container environment variables</title>
                    <tgroup cols="3">
                        <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="3.88*"/>
                        <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
                        <colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="2.51*"/>
                        <thead>
                            <row>
                                <entry>Environment variable name</entry>
                                <entry>Required?</entry>
                                <entry>Description</entry>
                            </row>
                        </thead>
                        <tbody>
                            <row>
                                <entry>MESSAGESIGHT_CONTAINER_NAME</entry>
                                <entry>Required</entry>
                                <entry><ph
                                    conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
                                    /> messaging server Docker container name. </entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>MESSAGESIGHT_MEMORY_SIZE </entry>
                                <entry>Required</entry>
                                <entry>Amount of memory, in GB, for use by the <ph
                                    conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
                                    /> messaging server. The minimum value is 4 GB.</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>MESSAGESIGHT_ADMIN_HOST</entry>
                                <entry>Optional</entry>
                                <entry>IP address of the admin endpoint. The default is <codeph>All</codeph></entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>MESSAGESIGHT_ADMIN_PORT</entry>
                                <entry>Optional</entry>
                                <entry>Port number of the admin endpoint. The default is 9089.</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>LICENSE</entry>
                                <entry>Required</entry>
                                <entry>You must accept the <ph
                                    conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
                                    /> license before you can use the Messaging server container. Ensure that you specify <codeph>accept</codeph> in this environment variable. The container will terminate if you do not set this variable to <codeph>accept</codeph>
                                </entry>
                            </row>
                        </tbody>
                    </tgroup>
                    </table></p></info>
</step>
<step>
                <cmd>Verify that the <ph
                    conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
                    /> messaging server container is running by entering the following command:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>docker ps</codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
<step>
                <cmd>If you are not logged in as the root user, enter the following command to exit
                    from the sudo shell that you created at step 4b:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>exit</codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
</steps>
<postreq>You can create and run an <ph
            conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
            /> Docker image that you can use to administer the <ph
            conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
            /> messaging server. For more information, see <xref href="PDFqs00052_.dita"
            />. </postreq>
</taskbody>
</task>
