<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="pl00150_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Inet port exhaustion </title>
<shortdesc/>
<conbody>
  <p>Inet port exhaustion happens when BIG-IP runs out of source ports for a given IP on the private VLAN. BIG-IP has been configured to use SNAT to translate the source IP of the MQTT device to that of one of the BIG-IP “self IPs” on the private VLAN for connections to IBM MessageSight servers.</p>
<section>
<title>Creating self IP addresses on the private VLAN</title>
<p>You might need to create many self IP addresses on the private VLAN of BIG-IP in order to perform
the connection tests. </p>
<p>The format of the key, that must be unique, is <codeph>&lt;src ip>:&lt;src port> &lt;dst ip>:&lt;dst port> </codeph>. By adding more self IP addresses on BIG-IP you can increase the &lt;src ip> range and establish more connections. You can use the following formula to determine the total number of connections possible:<ul>
    <li><codeph>Total Connections = X * ~64K * Y * Z</codeph>. Where X = the number of src IP, in this case BIG-IP self IP addresses on the private VLAN. Y = the number of dst IP addresses, in this case IBM MessageSight server IP addresses. Z = the number of dst port, in this case IBM MessageSight endpoints per server IP address.</li>
    <li>For example, Z=1 (16901, a single endpoint), Y=2 (two physical appliances with a single IP per appliance), and X=21 </li>
    </ul><note>Self IP adresses are floating. BIG-IP does not replicate local only self IP addresses to other high availability members. You should use floating IP addresses to achieve replication to other high availability servers.</note></p>
</section>
</conbody>
<?tm 1413223986 8?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000004710?>
