<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00197_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Changing the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> address</title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can change the IP address and Port values that are used to connect
  to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> by using the <uicontrol>Web UI
   Settings</uicontrol> page.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<steps>
<step>
    <cmd>Go to the <uicontrol>Web UI Settings</uicontrol> page:</cmd>
    <choices>
     <choice>From the <uicontrol>Web UI</uicontrol> menu, click <uicontrol>Web UI Settings</uicontrol>. The <uicontrol>Web UI Settings</uicontrol> page is displayed. </choice>
    </choices>
   </step>
<step><cmd>From the <uicontrol>IP Address and Port</uicontrol> pane,
choose an action:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>Change the IP address:<ol>
<li>Select an available address from the <uicontrol>IP Address</uicontrol> list.<note>If any of the Web UI host Ethernet interfaces are connected to the internet, setting the IP address to <parmname>All</parmname> makes the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
/> accessible from the internet. For a more secure administration environment, you must choose an internal network IP address.</note></li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>If required, log in to the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> with the new
IP address.</li>
</ol></choice>
<choice>Change the port number:<p>Exercise caution when you change the port number. <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> data, such as the list of managed <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> servers that you have configured for the Web UI, can be lost if the port number change does not complete normally. If you want to use a different port number, consider changing this value the first time that the Web UI is used after it is deployed. Ensure that you select a port that is not in use. If you select a port that is in use, you cannot log in to the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>.</p><ol>
<li>Enter a value into the <uicontrol>Port</uicontrol> field. This value can be any value in the range 1-8999, 9087, or 9100-65535.</li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>Log in to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
/> with the new port number.</li>
</ol><?Pub Caret -1?><note type="important"
>After changing the port, the old port is still available if users logged in to the Web UI are using the old port. The old port stops being available when the last user logs off. You can stop and start the Web UI from the command line to disconnect any users on the old port. See <xref
format="dita" href="../Reference/WebUICmd/cmd_imaserver_stop_webui.dita" scope="local"
type="reference"/> and <xref format="dita"
href="../Reference/WebUICmd/cmd_imaserver_start_webui.dita" scope="local" type="reference"
/>.</note></choice>
</choices>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00199_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00198_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00196_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00195_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00002_.dita"/>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003255?>
