<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002--><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?><?Pub Inc?><concept id="ad00199_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" /></title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" /> can
be used by system administrators and messaging administrators to administer <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" />.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" /> can
be accessed by using any of the <xref format="dita" href="../Planning/pl00030.dita" scope="local" type="concept">supported
browsers</xref>. The browser must have <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="JavaScript" tmclass="IGNORE">JavaScript</tm> enabled.</p>
<p>You can connect to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" /> by entering
the following URL:</p>
<note>This URL uses the default port value. If you changed the port
value, replace the <codeph>9087</codeph> section of the URL with your
port number.</note>
<p><codeph>https://<varname>IP_Address</varname>:9087</codeph></p>
<p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>IP_Address</dt>
<dd>Specifies the IP address of the host where the Web UI application is running.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></p>
<section><title>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" /> status
menu</title><p>From the status menu, you can view the status of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server. You can also view the status of your high
availability and cluster configuration.</p><p>The state of the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> server changes which actions are available in the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" />:<ul>
<li>When the server is in maintenance mode, you cannot use any monitoring actions.</li>
<li>When the server is stopped, you can use only a limited number of configuration actions.</li>
<li>When the server is restarting, you cannot use any actions until the server is started.</li>
<li>When the server is in a highly available configuration, and is the secondary node, you can use
      only a limited number of configuration actions. You must make configuration changes with the
      primary node.</li>
</ul>For more information about the different server states, and how to change between the states, see <xref href="../Administering/ad00280_.dita" />, and <xref format="dita" href="../Troubleshooting/tr00006_.dita" scope="local" type="concept" />.</p></section>
<section><title>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" /> user
menu</title><p>The icon for the user menu is your user name. From the user menu, you can complete the following tasks:<ul>
<li>Change your password</li>
<li>Logout</li>
</ul></p></section>
<section><title>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" /> help
menu</title><p> The icon for the help menu is a question mark in a circle. From the help menu, you can complete
the following tasks:<ul>
<li>Access the product help by clicking <uicontrol>Help</uicontrol></li>
<li>Restore the common configuration and customization tasks to the home page by clicking
<uicontrol>Restore Tasks on Home Page</uicontrol></li>
<li>View the available software license agreements by clicking <uicontrol>About</uicontrol> and then
selecting the link for the license that you would like to view.</li>
</ul></p></section>
</conbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00002_.dita" />
<link href="ad00196_.dita" />
<link href="ad00198_.dita" />
<link href="ad00197_.dita" />
<link href="ad00195_.dita" />
<link href="../Administering/ad00200_.dita" />
<link href="../Administering/ad00370_.dita" />
<link href="../Administering/ad00700_.dita" />
<link href="../Administering/ad00360_.dita" />
<link href="../Administering/ad00100_.dita" />
</related-links>
<?tm 1413223989 1?>
</concept><?Pub *0000004880?>
