<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00197_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Changing the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> address</title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can change the IP address and Port values that are used to connect
  to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> by using the <uicontrol>Web UI
   Settings</uicontrol> page.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<steps>
<step>
    <cmd>Go to the <uicontrol>Web UI Settings</uicontrol> page:</cmd>
    <choices>
     <choice>From the <uicontrol>Web UI</uicontrol> menu, click <uicontrol>Web UI Settings</uicontrol>. The <uicontrol>Web UI Settings</uicontrol> page is displayed. </choice>
    </choices>
   </step>
<step>
        <cmd>From the <uicontrol>IP Address and Port</uicontrol> pane, choose an action:</cmd>
        <info>
          <note importance="high"
            >Exercise caution if you choose to change the value settings for the IP address and port. You might not be able to log on to the Web UI if you make an error in these settings and you will then have to redeploy the Web UI. Ensure that you enter a valid IP address and port number. You might want to confirm that the port is not in use and that the IP address exists on the host that you are using. Redeploying the Web UI results in the loss of Web UI specific information - for example, the list of managed servers. Messaging server data is not lost when you redeploy the Web UI. </note>
        </info>
        <choices>
          <choice>Change the IP address:<ol>
            <li>Select an available address from the <uicontrol>IP Address</uicontrol> list.<note>
              <p>The option presented initially is <userinput>All</userinput>. This option makes the <ph
                conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
                /> accessible via all of the IP addresses on the host where the Web UI application is running. You can restrict which IP address can be used by the Web UI by setting this value to a specific IP address. </p>
              </note></li>
            <li>Click <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>.</li>
            <li>If required, log in to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
              /> with the new IP address.</li>
            </ol></choice>
          <choice>Change the port number:<p>Ensure that you select a port that is not in use. If you select a port that is in use, you cannot log in to the <ph
            conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>.</p><ol>
            <li>Enter a value into the <uicontrol>Port</uicontrol> field. This value can be any value in the range 1-8999, 9087, or 9100-65535.</li>
            <li>Click <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>.</li>
            <li>Log in to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
              /> with the new port number.</li>
            </ol><?Pub Caret -1?></choice>
        </choices>
      </step>
</steps>
  <postreq>
   <p>To disconnect any users from the old port, you can stop or restart the Web UI process. <ul>
     <li>If you are using Docker, you can stop the <ph
       conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> by entering the following command:
      <codeblock>docker stop <varname>&lt;WebUI container name></varname></codeblock>You can start
      the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> by entering the following
      command:<codeblock>docker start <varname>&lt;WebUI container name></varname></codeblock>
     </li>
     <li>If you are running on a host operating system, you can stop the <ph
              conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> by entering the following command:
            <codeblock>systemctl stop imawebui</codeblock>You can start the <ph
              conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> by entering the following
            command:<codeblock>systemctl start imawebui</codeblock>
          </li>
    </ul></p>
  </postreq>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00199_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00198_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00196_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00195_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00002_.dita"/>
  <link href="../Troubleshooting/tr00012_.dita"/>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003255?>
