<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00198_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Changing the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> timeout</title>
<shortdesc>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> logs users out after a
  default period of 30 minutes of browser inactivity. The <ph
   conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> logs users out after a default period of 120
  minutes, regardless of browser activity. You can change these timeout periods by using the
   <uicontrol>Web UI Settings</uicontrol> page.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>The session inactivity timeout period does not only include
user interaction. Any interaction between the web browser and the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server is regarded
as session activity. As the browser continually polls the server for
status, it is unlikely that this timeout period is met. Therefore,
if you want to specify a definite timeout period, you must set the
LTPA token expiration at an appropriate value.</p></context>
<steps>
<step>
    <cmd>Go to the <uicontrol>Web UI Settings</uicontrol> page:</cmd>
    <choices>
     <choice>From the <uicontrol>Web UI</uicontrol> menu, click <uicontrol>Web UI
              Settings</uicontrol>. The <uicontrol>Web UI Settings</uicontrol> page is displayed. </choice>
    </choices>
   </step>
<step importance="optional"><cmd>From the <uicontrol>Session Timeout
and LTPA Token Expiration</uicontrol> pane, choose an action:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>Change the session timeout:<note>Changing this value might
require you to log in again.</note><ol>
<li>Enter a value, in minutes, into the <uicontrol>Session Inactivity
Timeout</uicontrol> field.</li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>.</li>
</ol></choice>
<choice>Change the LTPA token expiration:<note>Changing this value
might require you to log in again.</note><ol>
<li>Enter a value, in minutes, into the <uicontrol>LTPA Token Expiration</uicontrol> field.
This value must be equal to, or larger than, the value that is entered
in the <uicontrol>Session Inactivity Timeout</uicontrol> field.</li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>.</li>
</ol></choice>
</choices>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00199_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00196_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00197_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00195_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00002_.dita"/><?Pub Caret -2?>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002561?>
