<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ad00195_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Changing the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> authentication
cache timeout</title>
<shortdesc>The authentication cache timeout specifies how long an
authenticated credential in the cache is valid. By default, the authentication
cache timeout is set to 60 seconds. You can change this timeout by
using the <uicontrol>Web UI Settings</uicontrol> page.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>With the default value of 60 seconds, the password of
a user is kept in the cache for 60 seconds. If the password is checked
within the 60-second time period, the check is done against the cached
password, not the password that is stored on <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>. If a user changes
the password while the old password is in the cache, the old password
works until the cached password reaches the timeout.</p><?Pub Caret 241?><p>Specifying
a larger value for the authentication cache timeout can increase the
security risk because a revoked credential remains in the cache for
longer. Specifying a value that is too small might affect performance
because the user registry must be accessed more frequently. Consider
specifying a value that is no more than one third of the LTPA token
expiration value.</p></context>
<steps>
<step>
    <cmd>Go to the <uicontrol>Web UI Settings</uicontrol> page:</cmd>
    <choices>
     <choice>From the <uicontrol>Web UI</uicontrol> menu, click <uicontrol>Web UI
       Security</uicontrol>. The <uicontrol>Web UI Settings</uicontrol> page is displayed. </choice>
    </choices>
   </step>
<step><cmd>From the <uicontrol>Authentication Cache Timeout</uicontrol> pane:</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Enter a value into the <uicontrol>Authentication Cache
Timeout</uicontrol> field. This value is the timeout period, in seconds.
The value can be any value in the range of 1-3600.</cmd></substep>
<substep>
      <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>.</cmd>
     </substep>
</substeps>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="ad00199_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00002_.dita"/>
<link href="ad00198_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00196_.dita"></link>
<link href="ad00197_.dita"></link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002373?>
