<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="se00001_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> Web UI users and roles</title>
<shortdesc>There are three types of Web UI user roles: system administrators, messaging administrators, and Web UI users. </shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>The system administrator role has access to all of the view and configuration tasks provided in
the Web UI. The system administrator can access <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
using the web-based user interface. The following table shows the actions which system
administrators, messaging administrators, and Web UI users are authorized to perform.</p>
<table id="datasimpletable_kzp_gd3_qfb">
<title>Different Web UI users have the authority to undertake different tasks. Example
mappings are shown in this table. The first column contains examples of actions that can be
performed. The second column contains examples of actions a system administrator is authorized to
undertake. The third column contains examples of actions a messaging administrator is authorized to
undertake. The fourth column contains examples of actions a Web UI user can
perform..</title>
<tgroup cols="4">
<thead>
<row>
<entry>Action</entry>
<entry>System Administrator</entry>
<entry>Messaging Administrator</entry>
<entry>Web UI User</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>Viewing recommended configuration tasks </entry>
<entry>All</entry>
<entry>Only messaging related</entry>
<entry>NO</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Viewing graphs and charts</entry>
<entry>All</entry>
<entry> Only messaging related</entry>
<entry>Only messaging related</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Configuring <ph otherprops="locale">locale </ph></entry>
<entry>YES</entry>
<entry>NO</entry>
<entry>NO</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Creating/updating/viewingWeb UI users</entry>
<entry>YES</entry>
<entry>NO </entry>
<entry>NO</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Changing own password</entry>
<entry>YES</entry>
<entry>YES </entry>
<entry>NO</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Configuring LDAP for messaging users</entry>
<entry>YES</entry>
<entry>YES</entry>
<entry>YES</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Configuring secure communications (SSL/TLS profiles, certificates, and keys)</entry>
<entry>YES</entry>
<entry>NO</entry>
<entry>NO</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Configuring an endpoint, selecting an interface to use, viewing and selecting configured
SSL/TLS profiles, and selecting a port</entry>
<entry>YES</entry>
<entry>YES</entry>
<entry>NO</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Configuring a connection policy. </entry>
<entry>YES</entry>
<entry>YES</entry>
<entry>NO</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Configuring a topic, subscription or queue policy (Example: configure a topic policy to
authorize a client/user to publish or subscribe to a topic). </entry>
<entry>YES</entry>
<entry>YES</entry>
<entry>NO</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>View monitoring by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
/></entry>
<entry>YES</entry>
<entry>YES</entry>
<entry>YES</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table><?Pub Caret 10?>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000007528?>
