<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="accessibility" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Accessibility</title>
<shortdesc>Accessibility features help users who have a physical disability,
such as restricted mobility or limited vision, to use information
technology products successfully. </shortdesc>
<refbody>
<section><title>Accessing functions by using the command line interface.</title><p>The
functions that are available in the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>, are accessible
by using the command line interface. Before you can use the command line
interface, you must accept the license agreement. You can read and
accept the license agreement by using the following accessible web
page: </p> <p><codeph>https://<varname>ipaddress</varname>:9087/acceptLicense.html</codeph></p> <p>Where <varname>ipaddress</varname> specifies
the IP address of  <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.</p><p>For
more information about using the command line interface to complete
administrative tasks, see <xref format="dita"
href="../Administering/ad00000_.dita" scope="peer" type="concept">Administering</xref>.</p></section>
<section><title>Moving around the screen elements by using the keyboard </title><p>To
move around the elements on the screen, press Tab.</p><p>When a menu
tab has focus, a box is displayed around the text for that menu tab.
You can then move between the menus <uicontrol>Home</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>Messaging</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>Monitoring</uicontrol>,
and <uicontrol>Appliance</uicontrol>, by using the arrow keys. To
go to the options that are available from the menu that is in focus,
press Shift+F10. Use the space bar to select an item from the list.</p><?Pub
Caret 64?><p>To access check boxes located within a grid, press Tab
to move focus to the grid. Then, use the arrow keys to move to the
check box you want to select. Press F2 to focus on the check box,
and press Spacebar to select or clear the check box. To move focus
away from the check box, press Tab.</p></section>
</refbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="../Reference/intro.dita" scope="local"
type="reference"></link>
</related-links>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000002401?>
