<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="notices" xml:lang="en-us">

<title>Notices</title>
<conbody>
<p>This documentation is coverd by the EPL2.0 </p>
</conbody>
<concept id="trademarks" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Trademarks</title>
<conbody>
<p><tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm>, the <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg"
trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> logo, and <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="ibm.com"
>ibm.com</tm> are trademarks or registered trademarks of International Business Machines Corp.,
registered in many jurisdictions worldwide. Other product and service names might be trademarks of
<tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> or other companies. A current list of <tm
tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> trademarks is available on the web at <xref
format="html" href="http://www.ibm.com/legal/us/en/copytrade.shtml" scope="external"
>www.ibm.com/legal/copytrade.shtml</xref>.</p>
<?Pub Caret 341?>
<p><tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Microsoft">Microsoft</tm>, <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Windows"
>Windows</tm>, <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Windows NT">Windows NT</tm>, and the <tm tmtype="tm"
trademark="Windows">Windows</tm> logo are trademarks of <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Microsoft"
>Microsoft</tm> Corporation in the United States, other countries, or both.</p>
<p><tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> and all Java-based trademarks and logos are trademarks
of Sun Microsystems, Inc. in the United States, other countries, or both.</p>
<p><tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Adobe">Adobe</tm>, the <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Adobe">Adobe</tm>
logo, <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="PostScript">PostScript</tm>, and the <tm tmtype="tm"
trademark="PostScript">PostScript</tm> logo are either registered trademarks or trademarks of <tm
tmtype="tm" trademark="Adobe">Adobe</tm> Systems Incorporated in the United States, and/or other
countries.</p>
<p><tm tmtype="tm" trademark="UNIX">UNIX</tm> is a registered trademark of The Open Group in the
United States and other countries.</p>
<p>The Oracle Outside In Technology included herein is subject to a restricted use license and can
only be used in conjunction with this application.</p>
<p><tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Intel">Intel</tm> is a trademark or registered trademark of <tm
tmtype="tm" trademark="Intel">Intel</tm> Corporation or its subsidiaries in the United States and
other countries. </p>
<p><tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Linux">Linux</tm> is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds in the
United States, other countries, or both.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
<!--<concept id="safetyenvironmental" xml:lang="en-us"><title>Safety and environmental notices</title></concept>-->
<!--Hardware documentation: Add "Safety and environmental notices" as a level-two header. Safety and environmental ntices are usually required for hardware products. Contact the Safety and Environmental 
organizations for your product for assistance. remove this sectin if it does not apply to your product.-->
<?tm 1246395356 25?>
<!--<conbody><p/></conbody>-->
</concept>
<?Pub *0000018262?>
