<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="ov00000_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Product overview</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/><sup>TM</sup> delivers scalable
    connectivity for the Internet of Things, providing a solution to help you to connect all your
    devices, sensors and systems to the enterprise.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>overview</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
  <p> <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
      /> is designed to scale, allowing millions of devices, including sensors and mobiles, to connect in a reliable, secure way. Some of these devices might be simple sensors, designed for publishing data. Other devices are more sophisticated, designed for carrying out complex actions or for taking part in bi-directional interactions. </p>
    <p><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
      /> provides reliable , scalable, secure, bi-directional communication for all these devices. <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
      /> takes advantage of the lightweight MQTT protocol for communication between devices, sensors and mobiles. Mobile devices can connect using MQTT over HTML5/WebSockets. For enterprise connectivity, <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
      /> can connect by using MQ and JMS in addition to MQTT, with load balancing support for <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"
      /> (WAS). You can even add custom, industry-specific messaging protocols to <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
      /> in a controlled way that does not compromise the security of the server environment by using the protocol plug-in feature.</p>
  <p><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
      /> is a highly scalable messaging product that provides the full-duplex web communication that is required for rich internet, intranet, and mobile applications. <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> Version 2 provides the following features as standard: <dl>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>High availability by using passive/active pairs, allowing processing to continue in the event of a failure or power outage. </dt>
        <dd>Version 2 significantly increases the achievable distance between two server instances in an high availability pair. It is now possible to locate your <ph
          conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> instances in different data-centers.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Scaling beyond an instance by using clustering.</dt>
        <dd>You can now cluster multiple <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
          /> instances together to scale to huge numbers of device connections. The cluster creates a shared topic tree across multiple instances. As part of this feature, the web-based administration user interface is now a separate feature and can be used to address multiple instances, making it easier to administer your estate.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Easier administration by using REST Administrative APIs. </dt>
        <dd>You can issue commands from the command line by using a REST client such as cURL. You can create scripts to run automatically from a remote client, making scripting common actions easier. This feature also makes it easier to move configuration from Development to Test or QA and on to Production systems, making it simpler to ensure that your system test environment matches your production environment. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Availability of additional environments for deployment by using Linux RPMs and Docker images. </dt>
        <dd><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
          /> is now available as Linux RPMs, so you can deploy to both CentOS and RedHat Linux. <ph
          conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
          /> can also be deployed as a Docker image, making it simple to automate and deploy instances so that you can scale your infrastructure to meet demand. You can also deploy <ph
          conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
          /> to a VMware environment or on a public cloud infrastructure including IBM SoftLayer, Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) and Microsoft Azure. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Enhanced security by using client certificates to control access for client devices.</dt>
        <dd>If a compromised device attempts to connect to your system, you can prevent device access by using a Certificate Revocation List. Other security features include authentication, authorization, and SSL/TLS protocols to provide a secure point of entry into your enterprise. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Enhanced support for additional protocols by using the protocol plug-in feature.</dt>
        <dd><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
          /> now has a fully supported protocol plug-in feature. This feature enables you to add support for an additional protocol, by coding a plug-in and loading it into your system. You might use this feature to connect legacy sensors that cannot be changed to use MQTT, or where there is a regulatory protocol for a particular industry, such as smart meters. The protocol plug-in allows you to expand your system and to use a common infrastructure for all your sensors and devices, both new and old.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Improved performance times for persistent messaging by using enhanced performance features.</dt>
        <dd><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
          /> Version 2 includes significant performance enhancements for persistent messaging (QoS 1 and 2) whilst still ensuring reliability for connections, even over fragile networks.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      </dl></p>
    <p><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
      /> Version 2 continues to provide a number of client libraries, including Java™, C, and JavaScript. These client libraries can be used on a variety of platforms, including iOS and Android. </p>
<p><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
      /> Version 2 can provide a solution to the following business scenarios:</p>
<section><title>Managing large numbers of application endpoints</title><p>The
ubiquity of TCP/IP over WiFi, 3G, and 4G makes it feasible for users
and devices to consume and produce messages across the globe.</p><p><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> is a messaging
server, able to support clients that are connected to it using various
protocols. <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> provides
solutions to the following modern day challenges: </p><dl><dlentry>
<dt>An explosion in the number of smartphones and tablets</dt>
<dd><p>An explosion in the number of smartphones and tablets is creating many endpoints. Consumers
              expect near real-time communication between their devices and applications. Building
              these applications relies on a scalable, bi-directional communications infrastructure.
              Emerging standards, such as HTML5 WebSockets, provide the basis for building rich
              mobile, intranet, and internet web applications.</p><p><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> is a highly scalable
middleware messaging product that provides the full-duplex web communication
that is required for rich internet, intranet, and mobile applications</p></dd>
</dlentry></dl><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Device to device communication</dt>
<dd><p>The internet is no longer just about web browsing - it is becoming a mesh of devices such as sensors, monitors, machines, and cars. These devices are becoming interconnected. Each of these device nodes wants to publish data, consume data, or both in near real-time. Applications want to consume data from these nodes, send data, or both. This Internet of Things provides new challenges for traditional messaging infrastructures in terms of numbers of connected devices and the associated volume of messages. </p><p>Protocols such as MQTT provide low-bandwidth,
optimized publish/subscribe capabilities for a broad spectrum of devices.</p><p><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> is the messaging gateway for all of these
              connected devices.</p></dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
<section><title>Big data requires big connectivity </title><p>Everyone
wants to analyze data, but how do you consume large volumes of  data
and distribute this data to business and analytic applications? HTTP-based
communication across the Internet has difficulty in scaling to meet
the demands of the interconnected world.</p><p><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> provides scalable, high throughput, and
    assured delivery.</p></section>
    <section>
      <title>Previous versions of IBM MessageSight</title>
      <p>For information about earlier versions of IBM MessageSight in IBM Knowledge Center, see
          <xref href="https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSCGGQ/welcome" format="html"
          platform="" scope="external"/></p>
    </section>
</conbody>
<?tm 1413223983 2?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000005363?>
