<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="ov00001_" xml:lang="en-us">
<?acro_status Date = 07/10/12 ,Time = 14:49:59 ,spelling = 2 ,grammar = 0 ,style = 1 ,DeprecatedTerms = 0 ,UseWithCaution = 5 ,total = 8 ,score = 31 ,status = green?>
<title>Key benefits</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. Use Edit > Un Comment to have the tags made live.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>This section contains a list of the significant advantages
of <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.</shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<conbody>
<p>The following is a sample list of the types of industries that <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> is designed to
benefit:</p>
<ul>
<li>A media or telecommunications company that provides real-time
results during major events.</li>
<li>An organization that provides a mobile payments or mobile banking
solution.</li>
<li>A global logistics company that provides a real-time track and
trace service.</li>
<li>An energy company that collects data from millions of SMART meters
(for example, for billing or trend analysis for intelligent grid control
or markets).</li>
<li>A financial services firm that analyzes high volumes of structured
and unstructured market data in real time.</li>
<li>A retailer or payment card provider that offers a customer loyalty
scheme.</li>
<li>An emergency service or logistics company that performs predictive
routing and rerouting of vehicles.</li>
<li>A retailer that is building an intelligent CRM solution by using
fast access to reference data and message augmentation.</li>
</ul>
<p><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> offers
the ability for an organization to:<ul>
<li>Reach the business opportunities that are not possible with conventional
middleware.</li>
<li>Reduce operating expense, by consolidating existing messaging
systems.</li>
<li>Make it cost-effective to deploy applications that involve a high
volume of messages and users.</li>
<li>Capitalize on an appliance form-factor (scalability, performance
optimization, and hardening for DMZ).</li>
<li>Support consolidation into fewer higher-throughput appliances.</li>
<li>Leverage special-purpose form-factor and alternative input/output
strategies to provide consistent, high performance, with transactionality
and high availability.</li>
<li>Support millions of connected endpoints, and process millions
of messages each second, within a single appliance.</li>
<li>Perform real-time computation based on message content to support
computationally intensive or data-intensive environments and gain
insights based on message content.</li>
</ul></p><?Pub Caret 2?>
</conbody>
<?tm 1341949934 0?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000003345?>
