<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="ov00050" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Supported protocols</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>Protocols that are supported by <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>. </shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> supports
client applications by using the following protocols:<ul>
<li> MQTT version 3 to version 5 over TCP/IP<ul>
<li>MQTT C client </li>
<li>MQTT client for <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm></li>
<li otherprops="NOTbeta">MQTT client for Android </li>
<li otherprops="NOTbeta">MQTT client for iOS</li>
</ul><p>MQTT is a lightweight network protocol that is used for publish/subscribe messaging between
devices. MQTT is ideal for use in constrained environments or low-bandwidth networks with limited
processing capabilities, small memory capacities, and high latency. </p></li>
<li>MQTT version 3 to version 5 over WebSockets<ul>
<li>MQTT client for <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="JavaScript">JavaScript</tm></li>
</ul><p>A WebSocket is similar to a TCP socket. The key difference is that a WebSocket provides MQTT
support for web applications that run in a web browser. For more information about Websockets, see
<xref format="dita" href="ov00051.dita" scope="local" type="concept">Websockets</xref>.</p></li>
<li>JMS<ul>
<li><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> JMS client</li>
<li><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> JMS resource
adapter</li>
</ul><p>You might want to use JMS if you want the ability to develop
and use <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> EE applications.
Additionally, you might want to use JMS if you have personnel with
this skill, or if you want to use message browsing and message selection.</p></li>
    <li>Custom protocol<p>You can use protocol plug-ins to add industry-specific messaging protocols
            to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> in a controlled way that does
            not compromise the security of the server environment. The protocol plug-in can also
            support legacy sensors that are not able to change to MQTT. You can write your own
            protocol plug-ins to use with<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> by
            using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> protocol plug-in SDK.
          </p></li>
<!--<li>You can add your own protocol by using the protocol plug-in. </li>-->
<!--<li>You might add your own protocol if you want to use industry-specific
protocols with <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.</li>-->
</ul></p>
<p>For more information about converting messages between MQTT and
JMS, see <xref format="dita" href="../Planning/pl00005.dita"
scope="local" type="concept">Conversion between MQTT and JMS</xref>.</p>
  <p>For more information about the protocol plug-in, see <xref format="dita"
    href="../Administering/dv00010.dita" scope="peer">Configuring protocol plug-ins</xref>.</p>
<!--<p>For more information about the protocol plug-in, see <xref
format="dita" href="../Administering/dv00010.dita" scope="local"
type="concept">Configuring protocol plug-ins</xref>.</p>-->
<p><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> supports
SSL and TLS protocol connections from the listed MQTT and JMS clients.
For more information about supported versions of SSL and TLS, see <xref
format="dita" href="../Security/se00005_.dita" scope="peer"
type="concept">Certificate and security profiles</xref>.</p>
</conbody>
<?tm 1413223983 3?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000002953?>
