<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="ov00000_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Product overview</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/><sup>TM</sup> is designed for the
  Internet of Things. <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> sits at the edge of the
  enterprise, enabling device connectivity outside of the enterprise and connections to back-end
  systems within the enterprise.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>overview</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
  <p>
      <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> is designed to scale, allowing millions
      of devices, including sensors and mobiles, to connect in a reliable, secure way. Some of these
      devices might be simple sensors, designed for publishing data. Other devices are more
      sophisticated - designed for carrying out complex actions or for taking part in bi-directional
      interactions. All of these devices communicate by using industry-standard WebSockets, custom
      protocols that can be configured by using the <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> protocol plug-in feature, or MQTT. MQTT is
      a lightweight, bi-directional protocol for the Internet of Things. </p>
  <p><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>  is a highly scalable messaging product
   that provides the full-duplex web communication that is required for rich internet, intranet, and
   mobile applications. <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> provides the following
   features as standard: <ul>
    <li>Security features, including authentication, authorization, and SSL/TLS protocols to provide
     a secure point of entry into your enterprise.</li>
    <li>Reliability for connections, even over fragile networks. <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> offers different qualities of service for
     transport to ensure that messages are not lost.</li>
    <li>For enterprise-side communication, <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
          additionally supports JMS and MQ, with load balancing support for <ph
            conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"/> (WAS).</li>
    <li>Provision of  a number of client libraries, including Java™, C, and JavaScript. These client
     libraries can be used on a variety of platforms, including iOS and Android. </li>
    <li><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> is designed to be easy to deploy and
     has a web-based administration user interface, and a REST-based administration API. </li>
   </ul>
  </p>
<p><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> can provide
a solution to the following business scenarios:</p>
<section><title>Managing large numbers of application endpoints</title><p>The
ubiquity of TCP/IP over WiFi, 3G, and 4G makes it feasible for users
and devices to consume and produce messages across the globe.</p><p><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> is a messaging
server, able to support clients that are connected to it using various
protocols. <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> provides
solutions to the following modern day challenges: </p><dl><dlentry>
<dt>An explosion in the number of smartphones and tablets</dt>
<dd><p>An explosion in the number of smartphones and tablets is creating many endpoints. Consumers
              expect near real-time communication between their devices and applications. Building
              these applications relies on a scalable, bi-directional communications infrastructure.
              Emerging standards, such as HTML5 WebSockets, provide the basis for building rich
              mobile, intranet, and internet web applications.</p><p><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> is a highly scalable
middleware messaging product that provides the full-duplex web communication
that is required for rich internet, intranet, and mobile applications</p></dd>
</dlentry></dl><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Device to device communication</dt>
<dd><p>The internet is no longer just about web browsing - it is becoming a mesh of devices such as sensors, monitors, machines, and cars. These devices are becoming interconnected. Each of these device nodes wants to publish data, consume data, or both in near real-time. Applications want to consume data from these nodes, send data, or both. This Internet of Things provides new challenges for traditional messaging infrastructures in terms of numbers of connected devices and the associated volume of messages. </p><p>Protocols such as MQTT provide low-bandwidth,
optimized publish/subscribe capabilities for a broad spectrum of devices.</p><p><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> is the messaging gateway for all of these
              connected devices.</p></dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
<section><title>Big data requires big connectivity </title><p>Everyone
wants to analyze data, but how do you consume large volumes of  data
and distribute this data to business and analytic applications? HTTP-based
communication across the Internet has difficulty in scaling to meet
the demands of the interconnected world.</p><p><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> provides scalable, high throughput, and
    assured delivery.</p></section>
</conbody>
<?tm 1413223983 2?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000005363?>
