<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="ov00031" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Topic Strings</title>
<shortdesc>Use a topic string to label information that is published
as a topic. The topic string is the identifier that is used by the
publisher to publish messages. A subscriber can subscribe to a topic,
or group of topics by using that identifier. Subscribe to a group
of topics that have similar topic strings by using topic-based wildcards. </shortdesc><?Pub
Caret 306?>
<conbody>
<section><title>Topics</title><p>A topic string, or topic name, is
a character string that identifies the topic of a publish/subscribe
message. Topic strings are encoded in UTF-8 and can be constructed
from any Unicode character. The topic string is the identifier that
is used by the publisher to publish messages. A subscriber can subscribe
to that same identifier. A subscriber can subscribe to multiple topics.
Wildcards can be used to allow the subscriber to subscribe to a group
of topics that have a similar topic string.</p><p>Three characters
have special meaning in publish/subscribe. These characters are the
forward slash (<codeph>/</codeph>), the number sign (<codeph>#</codeph>),
and the plus sign (<codeph>+</codeph>).</p><p>The use of the special
characters number sign (<codeph>#</codeph>), and plus sign (<codeph>+</codeph>)
is explained in <xref format="dita" href="ov00032.dita" scope="peer"
type="concept">Wildcards</xref>. The uses of the special character
forward slash (<codeph>/</codeph>), is explained in the following
section.</p><dl><dlentry>
<dt>The forward slash (<codeph>/</codeph>)</dt>
<dd><p>The topic level separator. Use the <codeph>'/'</codeph> character
to structure the topic into a topic tree.</p><p>For performance reasons,
avoid empty topic levels, <codeph>'//'</codeph>, if you can. Empty
topic levels correspond to nodes in the topic hierarchy with no topic
string. A leading or trailing <codeph>'/'</codeph> in a topic string
corresponds to a leading or trailing empty node and should be avoided
too.</p></dd>
</dlentry></dl><note>The maximum depth of a topic string in <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> is 32. That is,
you can have at most 31 forward slashes (<codeph>/</codeph>) in a
topic string. The maximum topic string length that is accepted by
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> server
is 65535 bytes.</note></section>
<example id="ex1"><title>Examples of topic strings</title><p>The following
examples of topics strings use the forward slash sign <codeph>'/'</codeph>.</p><sl
compact="yes">
<sli>"Sport"</sli>
<sli>"Sport/Tennis"</sli>
<sli>"Sport/Basketball"</sli>
<sli>"Sport/Swimming"</sli>
<sli>"Sport/Tennis/Finals"</sli>
<sli>"Sport/Basketball/Finals"</sli>
<sli>"Sport/Swimming/Finals"</sli>
</sl></example>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000003034?>
