<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="ov00033" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Retained messages</title>
<shortdesc>By default, after a message is published to a topic and
is received by the subscribers, the message is discarded. However,
a publisher can specify that a copy of the message is retained so
that it is sent to future subscribers of the topic.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>Deleting messages after they are sent to the subscribers is suitable
for event information, but it is not always suitable for state information.
By retaining a message, new subscribers do not have to wait for information
to be published again before they receive initial state information.
For example, a subscriber with a subscription to a stock price can
immediately receive a retained message that contains the current price.
Without a retained message, the subscriber must wait for the stock
price to change before any information about the stock price is received.</p>
<p>There are times when you might not want to retain messages:<ul>
<li>If all subscriptions to a topic are made before any messages are
published, and you do not expect, or do not allow, new subscriptions,
you do not need to retain messages. The messages that are published
are delivered to all subscribers the first time that they are published.</li>
<li>If messages are published frequently, such as every second, a
new subscriber, or a subscriber that is recovering from a failure,
receives the current state almost immediately. Therefore, retained
messages are not necessary.</li>
<li>If large messages are published, storing the retained messages
uses a large amount of storage space. Therefore, you might not want
to retain large messages.</li>
</ul></p>
<p>When a retained message is published to a topic, a flag is set
by the publishing application to indicate that the message is a retained
message. <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> immediately
delivers the message to existing subscribers of the topic. For these
messages, the retain flag is not set. If there is already a retained
message stored for the topic, <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> deletes the existing
message, and stores a copy of the new message for future subscriptions.
When applications subscribe to the topic after the message is published, <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> delivers the
message with the retain flag set. Therefore, the subscribing application
is aware that the message is not a newly published message. For more
information about setting the flags in MQTT and JMS applications,
see <xref format="dita" href="../Developing/devretainmsg.dita"
scope="local" type="concept"></xref>.</p><?Pub Caret 335?>
<p>Retained messages can be received from or forwarded to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph>. For more information,
see <xref format="dita" href="../Administering/ad00132_.dita"
scope="local" type="concept"></xref>.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000003187?>
