<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002--><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?><?Pub Inc?><concept id="ov00000_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Product overview</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /><sup>TM</sup> delivers scalable
    connectivity for the Internet of Things, providing a solution to help you to connect all your
    devices, sensors and systems to the enterprise.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>overview</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
  <p>
      <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> is designed to scale, allowing millions
      of devices, including sensors and mobiles, to connect in a reliable, secure way. Some of these
      devices might be simple sensors, designed for publishing data. Other devices are more
      sophisticated - designed for carrying out complex actions or for taking part in bi-directional
      interactions. </p>
    <p><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> takes advantage of lightweight MQTT
      protocol for communication between devices, sensors and mobile. Mobile devices can connect
      using MQTT over HTML5/WebSockets. For enterprise connectivity, <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> can connect by using MQ and JMS in addition
      to MQTT, with load balancing support for <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was" />
      (WAS). You can even add custom, industry-specific messaging protocols to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> in a controlled way that does not
      compromise the security of the server environment by using the protocol plug-in feature.</p>
  <p><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> is a highly scalable messaging product
that provides the full-duplex web communication that is required for rich internet, intranet, and
mobile applications. <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> provides the
following features as standard: <dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Support for MQTT version 5.0 </dt>
<dd>New features in MQTT version 5 include scalability enhancements, and improvements in error
reporting and performance.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Ability to bridge between servers  </dt>
<dd>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> (Bridge) provides a way of forwarding
MQTT messages from one MQTT server to another. You can define one or more source connections, and
one or more destination connections, and a set of forwarding rules.</dd>
<dd>The Bridge also supports IBM Event Streams as a destination.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Detailed monitoring </dt>
<dd>You can list and filter connected clients, and view statistics for all MQTT client IDs that are
connected to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>. Additional statistics are also
provided for connected and disconnected clients and subscriptions. </dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Availability of administrative subscriptions </dt>
<dd> Use administrative subscriptions to allow ephemeral clients to share a subscription that is not
removed, along with any buffered messages, in the event of all clients being disconnected due to a
network outage.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Enhanced capability to optimize memory usage</dt>
<dd>Select the connections that can send and receive large numbers of messages to optimize memory
usage. This features allows the connection of large numbers of small devices with minimal memory
usage, as well as high throughput devices with greater associated bandwidth.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Ability to automatically remove unused client state </dt>
<dd>You can automatically delete clients that have not connected for a specified length of time by
setting a session expiry interval. The interval specifies the maximum amount of time that a session
is kept alive before expiring.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl></p>
<p><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> can provide a solution to the
following business scenarios:</p>
<section><title>Managing large numbers of application endpoints</title><p>The
ubiquity of TCP/IP over WiFi, 3G, and 4G makes it feasible for users
and devices to consume and produce messages across the globe.</p><p><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> is a messaging
server, able to support clients that are connected to it using various
protocols. <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> provides
solutions to the following modern day challenges: </p><dl><dlentry>
<dt>An explosion in the number of smartphones and tablets</dt>
<dd><p>An explosion in the number of smartphones and tablets is creating many endpoints. Consumers
              expect near real-time communication between their devices and applications. Building
              these applications relies on a scalable, bi-directional communications infrastructure.
              Emerging standards, such as HTML5 WebSockets, provide the basis for building rich
              mobile, intranet, and internet web applications.</p><p><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> is a highly scalable
middleware messaging product that provides the full-duplex web communication
that is required for rich internet, intranet, and mobile applications</p></dd>
</dlentry></dl><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Device to device communication</dt>
<dd><p>The internet is no longer just about web browsing - it is becoming a mesh of devices such as sensors, monitors, machines, and cars. These devices are becoming interconnected. Each of these device nodes wants to publish data, consume data, or both in near real-time. Applications want to consume data from these nodes, send data, or both. This Internet of Things provides new challenges for traditional messaging infrastructures in terms of numbers of connected devices and the associated volume of messages. </p><p>Protocols such as MQTT provide low-bandwidth,
optimized publish/subscribe capabilities for a broad spectrum of devices.</p><p><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> is the messaging gateway for all of these
              connected devices.</p></dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
<section><title>Big data requires big connectivity </title><p>Everyone
wants to analyze data, but how do you consume large volumes of  data
and distribute this data to business and analytic applications? HTTP-based
communication across the Internet has difficulty in scaling to meet
the demands of the interconnected world.</p><p><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> provides scalable, high throughput, and
    assured delivery.</p></section>
</conbody>

</concept><?Pub *0000005363?><?tm 1462274782293 8 SoftLayer||Microsoft||Linux||JavaScript||Java||IBM ?>
