<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="ov50000" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><ph conref = "../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> virtual
appliances</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. Use Edit > Un Comment to have the tags made live.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>A production-ready <ph conref = "../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> virtual
appliance can now be integrated into a cloud solution. </shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<conbody>
<p>Cloud computing, often referred to as &ldquo;the cloud,&rdquo;
is the delivery of on-demand computing resources over the internet
on a pay-for-use basis. You can now deploy <ph conref = "../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> in the SoftLayer cloud.
SoftLayer, an <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> company, is
a global cloud infrastructure provider. </p>
<p>Installing the <ph conref = "../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> virtual
appliance on existing servers through virtualization technology provides
a number of benefits: </p><?Pub Caret -2?>
<p><ul>
<li>Improve the utilization of hardware by being able to access the
virtual appliance at anytime, from anywhere. </li>
<li>Reduce the costs of hardware operation and maintenance by being
able to buy the software that you need without the cost of in-house
maintenance of the infrastructure. You can scale up or down to meet
demand. </li>
<li>Use cloud computing to innovate quickly by being able to rapidly
build cloud applications. The applications that you develop can then
be deployed into development, test, and production environments. </li>
</ul></p>
<section><title> <ph conref = "../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
for Developers</title><p>You can also download <ph conref = "../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> for Developers. <ph conref = "../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> for Developers is a useful tool
for developers to start creating applications that work with <ph conref = "../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> without needing
the physical appliance to develop and test the application.  It is
a virtual appliance that is suitable for deploying in VMWare and VirtualBox
environments. The benefit of this developer-focused virtual appliance
is that it enables developers to get started quickly in coding and
testing applications to work with <ph conref = "../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>.
For more information about downloading <ph conref = "../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
for Developers, see the <xref href="https://ibm.biz/BdR25q"
scope="external"><ph conref = "../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> virtual appliance download site</xref>.</p></section>
</conbody>
<?tm 1399990297 8?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000003351?>
