<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="ov60000_" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> in Containers</title>
    <!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
    <!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
    <!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
    <shortdesc>
        <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> can be deployed
        as a container e.g. on Docker on a supported operating system. </shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>Docker is an open source platform that uses <tm trademark="Linux" tmtype="tm" tmclass="IGNORE">Linux</tm> containerization and a layered file system. The image that is built by using Docker consists of layers that contain the application and the dependent binary files and libraries, but uses the kernel from the host operating system. The layering allows changes to be made quickly because only the modified layers are rebuilt and deployed. For more information about Docker and its advantages, see <xref href="https://www.docker.com/whatisdocker/" scope="external" format="html">What is Docker?</xref></p>
        <p> Installing <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> on a
            Docker platform provides a number of benefits: <ul>
                <li>Portability across machines on traditional systems, or in a public or private
                    cloud.</li>
                <li>Rapid deployment of services. A Docker image is simple to build and can be
                    quickly and easily deployed across environments.</li>
                <li>Decreased overhead. A Docker container has a small footprint because the need
                    for a hypervisor is removed. </li>
                <li>Simplified maintenance provided by the use of a layered file system. </li>
            </ul>
        </p>
        <p>Compressed files are provided that contain the files that you need to build your own Docker images. You can use these images to create a container by using the <cmdname>docker run</cmdname> command.</p>
        <p>You can run the following Docker containers to start working with <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" />:<dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Messaging server container</dt>
                <dd> The messaging server container is the core messaging service. You can use this
container to administer connected clients and devices, and to process messages. All the features
that are available in the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"/> are supported
except for log file offloader and local user registry. </dd>
                    <dd>You can configure this container by using interactive or batch commands on
                        the command-line. Alternatively, you can configure this container by using
                        the WebUI container. </dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>WebUI container </dt>
                    <dd>You can use the WebUI container to administer the messaging server
                        container. The Web UI container can be used to administer one or more
                        messaging server containers. </dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl></p>
    <p>For more information about building <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
Docker images and creating containers, see <xref href="../QuickStartGuide/qs00055_.dita"
format="dita" scope="peer">Installing <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> in Docker
containers</xref>.</p>
        <?Pub Caret 2?>
    </conbody>
</concept><?tm 1462281482664 3 Linux||IBM ?>
