<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="virtualappliances" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"/></title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>A production-ready <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"
/> can now be deployed in public or private cloud.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<section><p>Cloud computing, often referred to as <q>the cloud</q>, is the delivery of on-demand computing resources over the internet. <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"
/> can be integrated into a public or private cloud solution, and installed on stand-alone hypervisors, including vSphere, XenServer, and VirtualBox. <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> Virtual Edition can also be deployed in the SoftLayer cloud on virtual and bare metal servers, and in the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2).</p><p>Installing <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"/> on servers through virtualization technology provides a number of benefits:<ul>
<li>You can improve the utilization of hardware by using virtualization. </li>
<li>You can reduce the costs of hardware operation and maintenance by being able to deploy the virtual resources that you need.</li>
<li>You can use cloud computing to innovate quickly by being able to rapidly build cloud applications. The applications that you develop can then be deployed into development, test, and production environments.</li>
</ul></p></section>
<section><title>Getting started with <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"/> </title><p>You can download <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"/> from <xref
href="http://www.ibm.com/software/howtobuy/passportadvantage/pao_customers.htm" scope="external"><tm
tmtype="reg" trademark="Passport Advantage"
>Passport Advantage</tm></xref> to install in private or public cloud instances. <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"
/> can be installed for use in development, test, or production environments. You can choose the type of environment that you want to use with <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"
/> and accept the appropriate license agreement during installation. Developers and Non-Production editions cannot be used in a production environment. These editions are for test and development purposes only. </p><p><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"
/> can be installed on virtualization software, or on virtual or bare metal servers in a SoftLayer environment. The following table summarizes the supported platforms, images, and license agreement types. </p><p><table>
<title><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"/> support matrix</title>
<desc><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"/> support matrix<p
outputclass="summary"><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"
/> support matrix with details about cloud type, vendor, product, image, and supported license types.</p></desc>
<tgroup cols="5">
<colspec colname="col1"/>
<colspec colname="col2"/>
<colspec colname="col3"/>
<colspec colname="col4"/>
<colspec colname="COLSPEC0"/>
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry align="center" colname="col1">Cloud type</entry>
<entry align="center" colname="col2">Vendor</entry>
<entry align="center" colname="col3">Product</entry>
<entry align="center" colname="col4">Image</entry>
<entry align="center" colname="COLSPEC0">License types</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">Private/Public</entry>
<entry colname="col2">VMware</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Player 5</entry>
<entry colname="col4">OVA</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC0">Developers</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">Private/Public</entry>
<entry colname="col2">VMware</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Workstation 8</entry>
<entry colname="col4">OVA</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC0">Developers</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">Private/Public</entry>
<entry colname="col2">VMware</entry>
<entry colname="col3">ESXi hypervisor 5.5</entry>
<entry colname="col4">OVA</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC0">Developers, Non-Production, and Production</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">Private/Public</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Citrix/Xenserver</entry>
<entry colname="col3">XenServer 6.2</entry>
<entry colname="col4">OVA</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC0">Developers</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">Public</entry>
<entry colname="col2">SoftLayer</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Virtual Server</entry>
<entry colname="col4">Standard</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC0">Developers, and Non-Production</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">Public</entry>
<entry colname="col2">SoftLayer</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Bare Metal</entry>
<entry colname="col4">ISO</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC0">Non-Production, and Production</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">Private</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Oracle</entry>
<entry colname="col3">VirtualBox</entry>
<entry colname="col4">OVA</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC0">Developers</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">Public</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Amazon</entry>
<entry colname="col3">EC2</entry>
<entry colname="col4">RPM</entry>
<entry colname="COLSPEC0">Developers, Non-Production, and Production</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table></p><p>When you deploy your virtual image, you choose the
operating system and the amount of CPU and RAM that you want. If the
available disk space is insufficient, a warning is displayed. You
can then choose to resize the amount of available disk space during
deployment by using vendor-specific deployment tools. Alternatively,
you can continue to work with the existing disk size. You might want
to continue to work with the existing disk size if, for example, you
are using your virtual machine instance for only QoS 0 messages. These
messages are non-persistent and therefore are not stored.</p></section>
</conbody>
<related-links>
<link href="https://www.vmware.com/" scope="external"><linktext>VMware</linktext>
</link>
<link href="http://www.citrix.com/products/xenserver/overview.html"
scope="external"><linktext>Citrix XenServer</linktext></link>
<link href="https://www.softlayer.com/" scope="external"><linktext>IBM
SoftLayer</linktext></link>
<link href="https://www.virtualbox.org/" scope="external"><linktext>Oracle
VirtualBox</linktext></link>
<link href="http://aws.amazon.com/ec2/" scope="external" format="html">
<linktext>Amazon EC2</linktext>
</link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1413223983 7?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000006515?>
