<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="whatsnew1201" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>What's new in version 1.2.0.1</title>
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>Learn about the new features in <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> version 1.2.0.1</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> Virtual Edition in Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2)  </dt>
<dd>You can now install a production-ready <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> Virtual Edition in the Amazon EC2 environment. For more information about installing <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> Virtual Edition in Amazon EC2, see <xref
format="dita" href="../QuickStartGuide/ad00996.dita" scope="local" type="task"/>.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</p>
<p>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Link aggregation</dt>
<dd>Link aggregation allows you to combine multiple network interface cards into a single, logical network interface. Link aggregation provides important benefits which include: <ul>
<li>Increased bandwidth. The link speed of the aggregate is greater than the link speed of any of the individual component network interfaces.</li>
<li>High availability. The appliance maintains network availability even if a link fails.</li>
</ul>For more information about configuring <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> to exploit link aggregation, see <xref
format="dita" href="../Administering/ad00610_.dita" scope="local" type="concept"/>. </dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</p>
<p>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Transport Layer Security (TLS) </dt>
<dd>You can choose to disable TLS in <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> security profiles. You might consider disabling TLS for communication that occurs behind a firewall. For example, if TLS traffic is managed by load balancers, you might choose to disable TLS for communication between the load balancers and <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/>. Disabling TLS can lead to improved performance in <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> when TLS is already operating on communication outside the firewall. By default, TLS is enabled. For more information about disabling and enabling TLS, see <xref
format="dita" href="../Administering/ad00740_.dita" scope="local" type="concept"/>.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
<?Pub Caret 88?>
</p>
<p>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Maximum send size</dt>
<dd> You can specify the maximum size that part of a message can be when it is sent by using the new <parmname>Max Send Size</parmname> parameter on the endpoint. Being able to specify a maximum send size is useful in environments where resource-constrained devices are used. For more information about setting a maximum send size on the endpoint, see <xref
href="../Administering/ad00360_.dita#ad00360_/endpoint" type="section"/>. </dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</p>
<p>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Message batching</dt>
<dd>You can choose to disable the batching of messages and ensure that they are sent singly by using the new <parmname>Batch Messages</parmname> parameter on the endpoint. The facility to disable message batching is useful in environments where resource-constrained devices are used and ensures that single messages are sent. In most other environments, the batching of messages continues to be a suitable and convenient way of sending messages when more than one message is ready to be sent; this is the default action. For more information about configuring endpoints to enable or disable message batching, see <xref
href="../Administering/ad00360_.dita#ad00360_/endpoint" type="section"/>.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</p>
<p>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Group name retrieval from authorization server</dt>
<dd>When you are configuring OAuth, you can use the new <parmname>Group Info Key</parmname> parameter on the OAuth profile. The <parmname>Group Info Key</parmname> parameter specifies whether the name of the group to which the user belongs is returned from the authorization server. For more information about configuring OAuth so that the group name is returned from the authorization server, see <xref
href="../Administering/ad00760_.dita" type="concept"/>.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
