<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="whatsnew1001" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>What's new in version 1.0.0.1</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<!--whats new IBM MessageSight version 1.0.0.1-->
<shortdesc>Learn about the main new functions in <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> version
1.0.0.1. </shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p><dl><dlentry>
<dt><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> Messaging
Tester application.</dt>
<dd><p>You can verify the installation of your <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> appliance
by running the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> Messaging
Tester application. This application simulates client interaction
with the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> appliance.
Connected clients can publish and subscribe on a number of topics.
For more information about verifying the installation of <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> by using
the Messaging Tester application, see <xref format="dita"
href="../QuickStartGuide/qs00002_.dita" scope="local" type="task"></xref>.</p></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Retained message support</dt>
<dd><p>You can use retained messages to enable the most recent retained
message on a topic to be immediately forwarded to subscribers that
subscribe after the message was published. <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> supports
both MQTT and JMS retained messages. For more information about developing
retained message applications, see <xref format="dita"
href="../Developing/devretainmsg.dita" scope="peer" type="concept">Developing
retained message applications</xref>. You can send retained messages
between <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> and <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph>. For more information
about sending retained messages between <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> and <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph>, see <xref
format="dita" href="../Administering/ad00132_.dita" scope="peer"
type="concept">MQ Connectivity retained messages</xref>.</p></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Remote monitoring</dt>
<dd><p>You can write your own monitoring applications to monitor topic,
endpoint, and appliance data remotely. For more information about
remote monitoring, see <xref format="dita"
href="../Monitoring/admin00008_.dita" scope="peer" type="concept">Monitoring
and reporting</xref>.</p></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Local monitoring for <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph></dt>
<dd><p>You can monitor <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> destination
mapping rules. <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> monitoring
can aid problem determination in an enterprise where <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> and <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> are used. For
example, by highlighting any destination mapping rules that are not
operating normally. For more information about <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> monitoring,
see <xref format="dita" href="../Monitoring/admin00031.dita" scope="peer"
type="concept">MQ Connectivity monitoring</xref>.</p></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Setting and retrieving SSH host information by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>.</dt>
<dd><p>You can use the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> to set and
retrieve information about the IP address or addresses that must be
used to connect to the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> appliance
over SSH. For more information about setting and retrieving SSH host
information, see<xref format="dita" href="../Administering/ad00500_.dita"
scope="peer" type="concept"> Setting and retrieving the SSH host address</xref>.</p></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Queue manager connection testing</dt>
<dd><p>You can test a queue manager connection to ensure that a connection
can be made to a specified <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> queue manager.
You can test an existing queue manager connection, or you can test
the parameters of a connection before you create the queue manager
connection. You can test a queue manager connection by using the command
line, or by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>. For more
information, see <xref format="dita"
href="../Administering/ad00133_.dita" scope="peer" type="task">Testing
a queue manager connection by using the command line</xref>.</p></dd>
</dlentry></dl></p>
<p>For more information about changes in <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> version
1.0.0.1, see <xref format="dita" href="../Planning/changed1001.dita"
scope="local" type="concept">What's changed in version 1.0.0.1</xref>.</p>
<p>You can view the documentation for <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> version
1.0.0.1 here: <xref
href="http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSCGGQ_1.0.0/WelcomePage/ic-homepage.html"
scope="external"><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> 1.0.0</xref></p>
</conbody>
<?tm 1413223983 0?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000005575?>
