<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="whatsnew1010" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>What's new in version 1.1</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>Learn about the main new functions in <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> version
1.1.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p><dl><dlentry>
<dt>LTPA support</dt>
<dd>You can use the Lightweight Third Party Authentication (LTPA)
protocol to provide a single sign-on feature. This feature enables
a client to authenticate only once in a domain name system to access
resources on other servers that support the LTPA protocol. For example,
servers such as <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph>,
and <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wl"></ph>. For more
information about LTPA support in <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph>, see <xref
href="../Security/se00013_.dita"></xref>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p>
<p><dl><dlentry>
<dt>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> dashboard</dt>
<dd>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> dashboard
now shows an overview of system connections and system performance.
Statistics include the number of accepted and rejected messages, active
connections, message throughput, the appliance uptime, and the appliance
disk and memory usage. The dashboard can be viewed from the <uicontrol>Home</uicontrol> tab
of the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>.</dd>
<dd>You can also view this information by using the command line command <cmdname>imaserver
stat Server</cmdname>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p>
<p><dl><dlentry>
<dt><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource
adapter</dt>
<dd>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource
adapter enables direct connection from <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph>. This simplified <tm
tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> Platform, Enterprise Edition
architecture supports faster configuration, easier monitoring, and
easier scaling of <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> Platform,
Enterprise Edition solutions to grow your enterprise. For more information,
see <xref format="dita" href="../Administering/workingwithjmsra.dita"
scope="peer" type="concept"><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> MessageSight
resource adapter</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p>
<p><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Shared subscriptions</dt>
<dd>Durable and non-durable topic subscriptions can now be configured
to be shared. In an unshared subscription, each subscriber to a particular
topic receives a copy of every message that is published to that topic.
In a shared subscription, each message is delivered to only one of
the subscribers to that topic. There are a number of advantages to
using shared subscriptions. For example, you can handle larger volumes
of messages more efficiently by using multiple subscribers. Shared
subscriptions also allow load balancing in an application server cluster. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></p>
<p> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>Disconnected client notifications</dt>
<dd>Disconnected client notifications can be used to notify disconnected
clients that there are messages waiting on <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>. For more information
about disconnected client notifications, see <xref href="ov00140_.dita"></xref>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </p>
<p> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>Client certificate identity authentication and authorization</dt>
<dd>The common name that is contained in a client certificate can
be used in connection and messaging policies to restrict access to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>. For example,
if a device has a certificate that is burned in at the factory, you
can use the unique common name in the certificate to ensure that only
certain devices can connect, or can perform particular messaging actions.
For more information, see <xref href="../Security/se00007.dita"></xref>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </p>
<p><dl><dlentry>
<dt>NIST 800-131a support</dt>
<dd>Special Publication 800-131a of the US National Institute of Standards
and Technology (NIST) has new requirements for cryptography certificates,
keys, and ciphers. <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> supports
this new standard, and provides enhanced support for TLSv1.2. For
more information, see <xref href="../Security/se00017_.dita"></xref>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p>
</conbody>
<?tm 1413223983 3?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000004736?>
