<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="whatsnew1200" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>What's new in version 1.2</title>
<shortdesc>Learn about the new features in <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> version
1.2.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p><dl><dlentry>
<dt>IBM MessageSight Virtual Edition</dt>
<dd>A production-ready <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> Virtual
Edition can be installed on an existing server running in supported
 hypervisors, or in the SoftLayer environment on a virtual server
or a bare metal server. <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> MessageSight
Virtual Edition can handle large numbers of connected clients and
devices, and process high volumes of messages with consistent latency. <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> Virtual Edition
can be used in development, test, or production environments. For
more information about IBM MessageSight Virtual Edition - including
supported platforms, images, and license agreement types - see <xref
format="dita" href="virtualappliances.dita" scope="local" type="concept">IBM
MessageSight Virtual Edition</xref>. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></p>
<p><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Protocol plug-in technical preview</dt>
<dd>You can use the new <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> Protocol Plug-in
SDK to extend <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> protocol
support beyond the protocols that are natively supported. Use the
SDK to write Java plug-ins that you can then deploy in <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>. The protocol
plug-in feature is supported as a technical preview. For further information
and to download the SDK, go to the <xref
href="https://www.ibm.com/developerworks/community/blogs/c565c720-fe84-4f63-873f-607d87787327/entry/download?lang=en"
scope="external"><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> messaging
community <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="developerWorks">developerWorks</tm> website</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p>
<p><dl><dlentry>
<dt>High availability configuration improvements</dt>
<dd><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> can
now automatically configure appliances as an HA pair for you. You
can use this feature by enabling High Availability and setting the
High Availability Group.  </dd>
<dd>For more information about automatically configuring appliances
as an HA pair, see <xref format="dita"
href="../Administering/ad00908.dita" scope="local" type="concept">Configuring
an IBM MessageSight appliance automatically</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p>
<p> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>Monitoring improvements</dt>
<dd>The monitoring of subscriptions benefits from a new filter: Messaging
Policy. This filter enables you to collect monitoring statistics and
information about subscriptions that are using specific messaging
policies. </dd>
<dd>The monitoring of endpoints benefits from a new statistic: WarnMsgs.
This statistic is a count of the messages since reset that, when published,
resulted in a warning. For more information, see <xref
href="../Monitoring/admin00013.dita"></xref>.</dd>
<dd>New predefined queries are provided to help you monitor the health
of <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph>:<ul>
<li>For queues, <uicontrol>Queues with Most Messages Expired</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Queues
with Least Messages Expired</uicontrol> provide useful information
to help you evaluate and improve the efficiency of messaging traffic.
See <xref href="../Monitoring/admin00019.dita"></xref>.</li>
<li>For subscriptions, <uicontrol>Subscriptions with Most Messages
Expired</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>Subscriptions with Least Messages
Expired</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>Subscriptions with Most Messages Discarded</uicontrol>,
and <uicontrol>Subscriptions with Least Messages Discarded</uicontrol> provide
useful information to help you evaluate and improve the efficiency
of messaging traffic.  See <xref href="../Monitoring/admin00022.dita"></xref>.</li>
</ul> </dd>
<dd>Detailed statistics regarding the use of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> persistent
store are provided. For more information, see <xref
href="../Monitoring/admin00034.dita"></xref>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </p>
<p><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) support</dt>
<dd><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> now
supports SNMPv2c and so can be easily incorporated into your enterprise
monitoring solution.</dd>
<dd>For more information about configuring the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> appliance
to exploit the benefits of SNMP, see <xref format="dita"
href="../Administering/ad00510_.dita" scope="local" type="concept"></xref>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl><?Pub Caret 88?></p>
<p><dl><dlentry>
<dt>XA transaction branch completion</dt>
<dd>You can apply heuristic decisions to XA transaction branches that
are in a prepared or heuristically complete state when <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> is acting
as a resource manager in a distributed transaction processing environment.
In rare circumstances, such as during a long-lasting loss of connectivity
with an external transaction manager, XA transaction branches can
remain in these states and need to be committed, rolled back, or forgotten
independently of the transaction manager. Using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> or the command
line, you can:<ul>
<li>List XA transaction branches and view their state.</li>
<li>Commit or roll back an XA transaction branch that is in prepared
state.</li>
<li>Forget a heuristically complete transaction branch.</li>
</ul>For more information about XA transaction completion, see <xref
format="dita" href="../Administering/xaconsiderations.dita" scope="peer"
type="concept">Working with XA transactions</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p>
<p><dl><dlentry>
<dt>${GroupID} variable substitution in messaging policies</dt>
<dd>You can easily implement publishing and subscription to topics
for groups by using the <codeph>${GroupID}</codeph> variable when
you create or update your messaging policies. For more information
about using this variable, see <xref format="dita"
href="../Security/se00018.dita#se00018/UsingGroupIDVar" scope="local"
type="section"></xref>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p>
<p> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>Configuring the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> server
locale</dt>
<dd>You can configure the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> server
locale by using the <cmdname>locale set</cmdname> command. If a translation
is not available for the specified locale, US English is used.</dd>
<dd>The preferred locale of the browser is automatically detected.
This detection is independent of the configuration of the server locale.
For example, the server locale might be configured in French but a
user might access the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> by using the
preferred locale of the browser which is Japanese. </dd>
<dd>For more information about configuring the server locale, see <xref
href="../Administering/ad00250_.dita"></xref>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </p>
<p> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>Maximum time for messages to exist for in <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph></dt>
<dd>You can configure how long a sent or published message can exist
for in <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph>.
A new parameter, <parmname>MaxMessageTimeToLive</parmname> is available
on the messaging policy to specify how long such messages can exist
for. You can configure your messaging policies so that older, less
important messages are cleared from <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph>. In
this way, you can prevent newer publications from being rejected because
there is no capacity for them.</dd>
<dd>For more information, see <xref
href="../Administering/ad00360_.dita#ad00360_/msgpolicy" type="section"></xref>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </p>
<p> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>Max Messages behavior</dt>
<dd>You can configure what behavior is applied when the number of
messages in the buffer for a subscription reaches the Max Messages
value. That is, when the buffer for a subscription is full. The behavior
is configured in the messaging policy. You can choose to reject new
messages, or to discard a percentage of the oldest messages on the
buffer.</dd>
<dd>For more information, see <xref
href="../Administering/ad00360_.dita#ad00360_/msgpolicy" type="section"></xref>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </p>
<p> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>Dynamic policy updates</dt>
<dd>You can apply updates to a messaging policy and these updates
are applied dynamically to the subscriptions and publishers using
the messaging policy. Any changes you make to the following parameters
are applied dynamically:<ul>
<li><parmname>DisconnectedClientNotification</parmname></li>
<li><parmname>MaxMessages</parmname></li>
<li><parmname>MaxMessagesBehavior</parmname></li>
<li><parmname>MaxMessageTimeToLive</parmname></li>
</ul></dd>
<dd>For more information, see <xref
href="../Administering/ad00360_.dita#ad00360_/msgpolicy" type="section"></xref>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </p>
<p> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>Delayed deletion of messaging policies</dt>
<dd>Messaging policies that you do not need can be deleted, but will
be kept available until they are no longer in use by subscribers or
publishers. This allows you to control resources by modifying the
dynamic update properties of the messaging policy which is pending
deletion. The deletion automatically occurs at the point when the
messaging policy is no longer in use.</dd>
<dd>For more information, see <xref href="../Administering/ad00361_.dita"></xref> if
you are using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>,
or <xref href="../Administering/ad00326_.dita"></xref> if you are
using the command line interface.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </p>
<p> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>Use count</dt>
<dd>So that you can see how many users of a messaging policy would be affected by a dynamic update, a new informational field, <codeph>UseCount</codeph>, is returned on the <cmdname>imaserver show MessagingPolicy</cmdname> command and in the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
/>. This numeric field represents the number of objects on the server that are using the messaging policy.</dd>
<dd>The value of <codeph>UseCount</codeph> is also significant when
messaging policies are to be deleted. If you attempt to delete a messaging
policy and the value of <codeph>UseCount</codeph> is greater than
zero, the messaging policy cannot be deleted but goes, instead, into
a pending action status of <codeph>Delete</codeph>. When the value
of <codeph>UseCount</codeph> reaches zero, the messaging policy is
automatically deleted.</dd>
     <dd>The <codeph>UseCount</codeph> value corresponds to the actual number of objects on the
      server that are using a messaging policy. You can use this information to help you to
      determine whether the messaging policy can be removed. Existing server optimizations mean that
      the server might not create objects for every publishing request - in some cases the server
      might remove objects when new requests come in. As a result, there is not a direct correlation
      between the <codeph>UseCount</codeph> value and the total number of combined subscriptions and
      publishing requests.</dd>
     <dd>The <codeph>UseCount</codeph> value corresponds to the actual number of objects on the
      server that are using a messaging policy. You can use this information to help you to
      determine whether the messaging policy can be removed. Existing server optimizations mean that
      the server might not create objects for every publishing request - in some cases the server
      might remove objects when new requests come in. As a result, there is not a direct correlation
      between the <codeph>UseCount</codeph> value and the total number of combined subscriptions and
      publishing requests.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </p>
<p> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>Log file rotation, purging, and offloading</dt>
<dd>The log files for <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> are
automatically rotated after the file reaches a particular size. You
can configure the log files in the following ways:<ul>
<li>You can set the size at which a new log file is started, and you
can set the number of files that are archived before the oldest file
is deleted. </li>
<li>You can manually clear the archived log files and start a new
log file rotation, by purging the log files.</li>
<li>You can configure automatic log transfers. The automatic log transfer
copies log files to a remote system when the log file is archived
on the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> server.</li>
</ul>For more information, see <xref
href="../Administering/ad00290_.dita"></xref>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </p>
<p> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>Remote syslog support</dt>
<dd>You can configure a remote syslog-compatible log server to which <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> log messages
can be forwarded. For more information, see <xref
href="../Administering/ad00330_.dita"></xref>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </p>
<p> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>OAuth support</dt>
<dd>You can use the OAuth protocol to allow a client application to
connect to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> without
providing a user ID or password. Instead, the client application is
authenticated by an authorization server and an access token is returned
to the client application. This token is used in place of a password
to connect to  <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph>.</dd>
<dd><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> supports
OAuth 2.0. For more information, see <xref
href="../Security/se00008_.dita"></xref>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </p>
<p> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>MQTT 3.1.1 support</dt>
<dd><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> now
supports MQTT 3.1.1.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </p>
<p> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>Global-shared subscriptions for MQTT clients</dt>
<dd>MQTT client applications can now benefit from the workload balancing
and high availability advantages that global-shared subscriptions
provide. For more information, see <xref
href="../Developing/sharedsubscriptionsinmqtt.dita"></xref>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </p>
<p> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>Allow clients with durable subscriptions</dt>
<dd>You can configure whether MQTT clients can connect using a <codeph>cleanSession=0</codeph> setting.
By default, MQTT clients are permitted to create durable subscriptions.
Durable subscriptions consume more appliance resources than non-durable
subscriptions. You can preserve appliance resources by configuring
your connection policies to prevent clients from creating durable
subscriptions. For more information, see <xref
href="../Administering/ad00360_.dita#ad00360_/connpolicy" type="section"></xref>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </p>
<p> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>Allow persistent messages</dt>
<dd>You can configure whether MQTT clients can publish messages with
a QoS of 1 or 2. By default, MQTT clients are permitted to publish
persistent messages. Persistent messages consume more appliance resources
than non-persistent messages. You can preserve appliance resources
by configuring your connection policies to prevent clients from publishing
persistent messages. For more information, see <xref
href="../Administering/ad00360_.dita#ad00360_/connpolicy" type="section"></xref>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </p>
<p><dl><dlentry>
<dt><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> store
backup and restore</dt>
<dd>You can back up and restore the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> store.
The facility to back up and restore the store is useful for disaster
recovery planning and new machine deployments when the state of the
store needs to be transferred. Backing up the store also makes reverting
back to a previous level of firmware, should you ever need to, more
straightforward. For more information about back and restore of the
store, see <xref href="../Backup/ba00000_.dita"></xref>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p>
<p><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Integrated Management Module II LAN interface IP address</dt>
<dd>You can now configure the Integrated Management Module II (IMM2)
LAN interface located on the back of the appliance. The IMM2 service
processor provides remote management and control of the appliance.
You can use the IMM2 LAN interface to monitor hardware component status
and power consumption on the appliance.</dd>
<dd>For more information about configuring the IMM2 LAN interface
IP address, see <xref format="dita" href="../Administering/ad00770_.dita"
scope="local" type="concept">Configuring the Integrated Management
Module II interface</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000016107?>
