<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tr00018_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Cleaning the store by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph></title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>System administrators can clean the store by using the <uicontrol>Server
   Control</uicontrol> page in the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>. Cleaning
  the store deletes all persistent data.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>If you are cleaning the store in an HA environment, you must follow the procedure and complete
    each step on both <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> servers before
    proceeding to the next step. For example, complete step 1 on the primary server and on the
    standby server before you begin step 2. </p><note type="caution"> Cleaning the store deletes all persistent
data, including messages, subscriptions, and client states. Do not
clean the store unless you want to delete all persistent data on the
system.</note></context>
<steps>
<step>
        <cmd>Go to the <uicontrol>Server Control</uicontrol> page by selecting <uicontrol>Server
            Control</uicontrol> from the <uicontrol>Server</uicontrol> menu.</cmd>
      </step>
<step>
        <cmd>Check the status of the server in the <uicontrol>Status</uicontrol> field of the
            <uicontrol>IBM Watson IoT Platform - Message Gateway server</uicontrol> pane:</cmd>
        <choices>
          <choice>If the server status is <codeph>Running</codeph>, the server is running in
            production mode.</choice>
          <choice>If the server status is <codeph>Maintenance</codeph>, the server is in maintenance
            mode.</choice>
        </choices>
      </step>
<step importance="optional">
        <cmd>If the server state is <codeph>Stopped</codeph>, you must start the server before you
          can continue. For more information about starting the server, see <xref
            href="../Administering/ad00282_.dita"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
<step><cmd>Stop the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> service
by clicking <uicontrol>Stop the service</uicontrol> in the <uicontrol>MQ
Connectivity Service</uicontrol> pane.</cmd></step>
<step importance="optional">
        <cmd>If the server state is <codeph>Running</codeph>, you must set the server state to
            <codeph>Maintenance</codeph>  mode by clicking <uicontrol>Start maintenance</uicontrol>
        in the <uicontrol>IBM Watson IoT Platform - Message Gateway Server</uicontrol> pane.  You must click
            <uicontrol>Restart</uicontrol> for the changes to take effect. </cmd>
      </step>
<step><cmd>Clean the store: </cmd>
<substeps>
<substep>
<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Clean store</uicontrol> in the <uicontrol>IBM Watson IoT Platform - Message Gateway
                Server</uicontrol> pane. </cmd>
          </substep>
<substep>
            <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Clean store and restart</uicontrol>.</cmd>
          </substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step>
        <cmd>Change the run mode from <codeph>Maintenance</codeph> to <codeph>Running</codeph> by
        clicking <uicontrol>Stop maintenance</uicontrol> in the <uicontrol>IBM Watson IoT Platform - Message Gateway
            Server</uicontrol> pane.  You must click <uicontrol>Restart</uicontrol> for the changes
          to take effect.</cmd>
      </step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="tr00006_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00007_.dita"></link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1413224016 0?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000004765?>
