<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="tr00002_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>The application fails to connect</title>
<shortdesc>There are several common reasons why an application might
fail to connect.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<section> 			<title>Has the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"> 				</ph> server started?</title> 			<p>If
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"> 				</ph> server
is not started, applications cannot connect to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"> 				</ph>.</p> 			<p>Check the status of the server. </p> 			<p>If the status returned is not <codeph>Running</codeph>, you must start the server. For more
    information about checking server status and starting the server, see <xref format="dita"
     href="../Administering/ad00280_.dita" scope="local" type="concept"> </xref>.</p> 		</section>
<section> 			<title>Is the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"> 				</ph> server in
maintenance mode?</title> 			<p>If the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"> 				</ph> server is
in maintenance mode, applications cannot connect to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"> 				</ph>. </p> 			<p>Check the status of the server. </p> 			<p>If the status returned is <codeph>Maintenance</codeph>, the <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"> </ph> server is in maintenance mode. For more
    information about maintenance mode, and how to return the server status to
     <codeph>running</codeph>, see <xref href="tr00006_.dita"> </xref>.</p> 		</section>
<section> 			<title>Is the endpoint enabled?</title> 			<p>Messages
cannot be sent to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"> 				</ph> topics
or queues if the endpoint that the application connects to is disabled.</p> 			<p>Check
the endpoint to ensure that it is enabled.</p> 		</section>
<section> 			<title>Does the endpoint allow the application to connect?</title> 			<p>When
you create an endpoint, you can restrict which protocols can be used
to connect to that endpoint. If the application uses a protocol that
is not allowed, the application cannot connect to that endpoint.</p> 			<p>Check
the default log for messages that indicate that the endpoint does
not allow a connection of a particular type, such as message <xref
format="html" href="../../com.ibm.ism.messages.doc/CWLNA1108.html"
scope="peer">CWLNA1108</xref>. To resolve the problem, either use
another endpoint that allows the protocol to connect, or change the
endpoint to allow the protocol to connect. For more information about
configuring endpoints, see <xref format="dita"
href="../Administering/ad00360_.dita" scope="local"> 				</xref>.</p><?Pub
Caret 134?> 		</section>
<section> 			<title>If you are working in an HA environment with virtual
IP addresses, do the IP addresses on both nodes match? </title> 			<p>The order of the IP addresses that are listed in your endpoint configuration can become out
    of step in an HA environment. For example, you have an HA pair using virtual IP addresses with
    an endpoint that is configured to restrict connections to a specific IP address. If you then
    update the list of virtual IP addresses (for example you add an IP address), the new IP address
    might change the order of the IP addresses that are listed in the endpoint configuration. If you
    then synchronize your HA pair or if failover occurs, the IP address that is restricted on one
    server might not be the same as the IP address that is restricted on the other server. To avoid
    this problem, ensure that new virtual IP addresses are always added to the end of the list of
    virtual IP addresses so that the list order is not affected. </p> 			 		</section>
<section> 			<title>Does the connection policy allow the application
to connect?</title> 			<p>When you create a connection policy, you
can restrict the application connections. You can restrict access
based on IP address, client ID, messaging user ID, messaging group
name, or certificate common name. You can prevent MQTT clients from
connecting if they have a <codeph>cleanSession=0</codeph> setting.
You can also prevent MQTT clients from publishing messages with a
QoS of 1 or 2. MQTT clients fail to connect if the <parmname>AllowPersistentMessages</parmname> connection
policy parameter is set to <codeph>False</codeph> and they attempt
to publish Will messages with a QoS of 1 or 2. If the application
uses a restricted value, the application cannot connect to the endpoint
associated with the connection policy.</p> 			<p>Check the default
log for messages that the connection policy does not allow the application
to connect, such as <xref format="html"
href="../../com.ibm.ism.messages.doc/CWLNA1111.html" scope="peer">CWLNA1111</xref>.
To resolve the problem, either use another endpoint that allows the
application to connect, or change the connection policy to allow the
application to connect. For more information about configuring connection
policies, see <xref format="dita" href="../Administering/ad00360_.dita"
scope="local"> 				</xref>.</p> 		</section>
<section> 			<title>Does another JMS application have the same client
ID?</title> 			<p>If more than one JMS application uses the same client
ID, the first application connects successfully. When another application
attempts to connect with the same client ID, the connection is refused
until the first application disconnects.</p> 			<p>To resolve the
problem, ensure that each JMS application has a unique client ID.</p> 		</section>
<section> 			<title>Has the messaging user group membership changed?</title> 			<p>If
you use <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"> 				</ph> messaging
users and groups in your connection or messaging policies, and you
update the group membership of the application user, applications
might disconnect and fail to reconnect.</p> 			<p>The user and group
information is cached when the application connects. If an application
is connected when the group membership of the application user is
modified, the cache is used until the cache timeout is reached. When
the timeout is reached, the new group membership information is used.
If the connection policies and messaging policies do not allow the
new group membership, the application disconnects and cannot reconnect.</p> 			<p>To
resolve the problem, check the group membership of the user against
the groups that are allowed in the connection and messaging policies.
Add the user to the appropriate groups, or update the connection policies
and messaging policies to allow the group to connect.</p> 		</section>
</conbody>
<related-links>
<link href="tr10000_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00001_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00008_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00010_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00009_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00003_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00004_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00005_.dita"></link>
<link href="admin_messagecatalog.dita"></link>
</related-links>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000008268?>
