<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="tr00019_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Cleaning the store by using <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/></title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can clean the store by using <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>. Cleaning the store deletes all
    persistent data.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>If you are cleaning the store in an HA environment, you must follow the procedure and complete
        each step on both <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> servers
        before proceeding to the next step. For example, complete step 1 on the primary server and
        on the standby server before you begin step 2. </p><note type="caution"> Cleaning the store deletes all persistent
data, including messages, subscriptions, and client states. Do not
clean the store unless you want to delete all persistent data on the
system.</note></context>
<steps>
   <step>
    <cmd>Check the status of the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server, by
     using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API POST method with the
     following <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> configuration URI:</cmd>
    <info>
     <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:port>/ima/v1/service/status/Server</codeph></p>
    </info>
    <choices>
     <choice>If the server status is <codeph>Running</codeph>, the server is running in production
            mode.</choice>
     <choice>If the server status is <codeph>Maintenance</codeph>, the server is in maintenance
      mode. For more information about maintenance mode, see <xref format="dita"
       href="../Troubleshooting/tr00006_.dita" scope="local"/>.</choice>
    </choices>
        <info>
          <note> If the server is not running, a failure to connect error is received in response to
            the REST call. You can start the server by using docker or systemctl commands.</note>
        </info>
   </step>
<step importance="optional">
    <cmd>If the server state is <codeph>Stopped</codeph>, you must start the server before you can
     continue. For more information about starting the server, see <xref
      href="../Administering/ad00282_.dita"/>.</cmd>
   </step>
<step>
    <cmd>Stop the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"/> service. For more
     information about stopping the MQ Connectivity service, see <xref
      href="../Administering/ad00129_.dita"/>.</cmd>
   </step>
<step>
        <cmd>Set the server state to <codeph>Maintenance</codeph>. For more information about
          setting the server state to <codeph>Maintenance</codeph>, see <xref
            href="../Administering/ad00282_.dita"/></cmd>
        <info>
          <note>You must complete this step even if the current server state is
              <codeph>Maintenance</codeph>.</note>
        </info>
      </step>
<step>
        <cmd>Clean the store. For more information about cleaning the store, see <xref
            href="../Administering/ad00282_.dita"/>. </cmd>
        <stepresult/>
      </step>
<stepsection>After you clean the store, the server state is set to <codeph>Maintenance</codeph>. You
        must change the server state to <codeph>Running</codeph>:</stepsection>
<step>
        <cmd>Set the server state to <codeph>Running</codeph> by setting the
            <parmname>Maintenance</parmname> parameter value to <userinput>stop</userinput>. For
          more information about setting the <parmname>Maintenance</parmname> parameter value, see
            <xref href="../Administering/ad00282_.dita"/></cmd>
      </step>
<step>
        <cmd>Confirm that the server state is set to <codeph>Running</codeph> by using the <ph
            conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API POST method with the following
            <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> configuration URI:</cmd>
        <info>
          <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:port>/ima/v1/service/status/Server</codeph></p>
        </info>
      </step>
<step>
    <cmd>Restart the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"/> service. For more
     information about restarting the MQ Connectivity service, see <xref
      href="../Administering/ad00129_.dita"/>.</cmd>
   </step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link href="tr00006_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00007_.dita"></link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000004259?>
