<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="tr00022_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>IPMI view tool is not working</title>
<shortdesc>If there is a problem starting the KVM Console from the
IPMI view, you might want to use the SoftLayer Portal.</shortdesc>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. Use Edit > Un Comment to have the tags made live.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<conbody>
<section><title>KVM console fails to start from the IPMI view tool</title><p>If
you have an Authentication failed message, you can use the SoftLayer
Portal site to start the KVM console by completing the following steps: <ol>
<li>From the device list in the SoftLayer Portal site, choose the bare metal device that you want to install with <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> and select <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Actions</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>KVM console</uicontrol>
</menucascade>. The KVM Console is displayed.</li>
<li>From the KVM Console, select <menucascade><uicontrol>Remote Control</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Console Redirection</uicontrol></menucascade> and click <uicontrol>Launch
Console</uicontrol>. A jnlp file (<tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> WebStart
Application) is downloaded.<note>You must have <tm tmtype="tm"
trademark="Java">Java</tm> installed. </note></li>
<li>Open the <filepath>.jnlp</filepath> file by using Java Web Start
(<filepath>javaws</filepath>). The <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> Webstart
application is started.</li>
<li>From the <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> iKVM Viewer
application, select <menucascade><uicontrol>Virtual Media</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Virtual Storage</uicontrol></menucascade> and choose the
ISO file as the installation media.</li>
<li>From <uicontrol>Virtual Storage</uicontrol>, click <uicontrol>CDROM&amp;ISO</uicontrol> and
select <menucascade><uicontrol>Logical Drive Type</uicontrol><uicontrol>ISO
File</uicontrol></menucascade>.</li>
<li>Browse your system to find the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> installation ISO file and click <uicontrol>Plug in</uicontrol> to load the ISO file and connect and boot device.</li><?Pub Caret 129?>
<li>Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>From the <uicontrol>Power Control</uicontrol> menu, select <uicontrol>Power
Reset</uicontrol>. The system power cycles and installation starts
because the ISO file is at the beginning of the boot list.</li>
</ol></p></section>
</conbody>
<?tm 1415873755 6?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000003124?>
