<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="tr00015_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>High availability problems</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. Use Edit > Un Comment to have the tags made live.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<shortdesc>In an HA pair, there can only be one primary node providing
messaging operations.  If the member acting as a primary detects that
the other server is acting as a primary, it results in a <term>split
brain</term> condition.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<section><title>Split brain</title><p>When the HA pair detects it
is in a split brain situation, both nodes are put into maintenance
mode, and the administrator must select which member to operate as
the primary and the standby nodes.  Split brain situations are infrequent.
 You might see a split brain situation after simultaneous outages
of both the primary and standby when they are both restarted.  An
interruption of the network interfaces between two operation appliances,
such as disconnecting the cable, can also result in a split brain
situation.</p><?Pub Caret -2?><ol>
<li>Identify which appliance is to be primary, and which appliance is to be standby.</li>
<li>Clean the store of the standby appliance. Type the following commands:<codeblock><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> runmode maintenance
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> stop
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> start
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> runmode clean_store
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> stop
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> start</codeblock></li>
<li>Stop the standby appliance and then stop the primary appliance
by typing the following at each console:<codeblock><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> stop</codeblock></li>
<li>Start the standby appliance by typing: <codeblock><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> start</codeblock>This
will cause it to run in maintenance mode. </li>
<li>Set the standby appliance to run in production mode by typing:<codeblock><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> runmode production</codeblock></li>
<li>Start the primary appliance and then the standby appliance by
typing at each console:<codeblock><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> start</codeblock></li>
</ol><p>See also <xref format="html"
href="../../com.ibm.ism.messages.doc/CWLNA8462.html" scope="peer">CWLNA8462</xref>.</p><p otherprops="future">For more information about handling various HA scenarios, see <xref
     format="dita" href="../Administering/ad00416_.dita" scope="local" type="concept"/>.</p></section>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000003425?>
