<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="tr00010_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>The application fails to publish</title>
<shortdesc>There are several common reasons why an application might
fail to publish to a topic.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<section><title>Can the application connect?</title><p>If the application
fails to connect to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>,
the application is unable to publish. For more information about troubleshooting
application connection problems, see <xref href="tr00002_.dita"></xref>.</p><?Pub
Caret 39?></section>
<section><title>Is the topic string valid?</title><p>If the topic
string is not valid, the application is unable to publish to that
topic. If the topic string is not valid, you might see errors in the
logs. </p><p>To resolve the problem, change the topic to a valid string.
For more information about valid topic strings, see <xref format="dita"
href="../Overview/ov00031.dita" scope="local"></xref>, and <xref
format="dita" href="../Overview/ov00032.dita" scope="local"></xref>.</p></section>
<section><title>Does the messaging policy allow the application to
publish?</title><p>When you create a messaging policy, you can restrict
whether an application can publish or subscribe to a topic string.
The restriction can be based on one or more of the following values:
IP address, client ID, messaging user ID, messaging group, or the
client certificate used. If the application cannot publish, the cause
might be that the messaging policy does not allow the application
to publish.</p><p>Check the connection log for messages that indicate
that the application is not authorized to publish. You can set the
logging level of the security log to <codeph>MAX</codeph> to gather
further security-related diagnostic information. For more information
about changing the logging level, see <xref format="dita"
href="../Administering/ad00290_.dita" scope="local"></xref>.</p><p>To
resolve the problem, change the messaging policy to allow the application
to publish. Alternatively, connect the application to an endpoint
with messaging policies that allow the application to publish. </p></section>
</conbody>
<related-links>
<link href="tr10000_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00001_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00009_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00004_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00003_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00002_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00008_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00005_.dita"></link>
<link href="admin_messagecatalog.dita"></link>
</related-links>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000002748?>
