<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="tr00003_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Messages are not sent</title>
<shortdesc>There are several common reasons why messages might not
be sent.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<section><title>Can the application connect to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>?</title><p>If
messages are not being sent, the cause might be that the application
cannot connect to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>. </p><p>Check
the logs for error messages that indicate that the application cannot
connect. For more information about troubleshooting applications that
fail to connect to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>,
see <xref href="tr00002_.dita"></xref>.</p></section>
<section><title>Is the topic string valid?</title><p>If an invalid
topic string is specified, messages are not published. There are a
number of ways in which the topic string can be invalid. For more
information about valid topic strings, see <xref format="dita"
href="../Overview/ov00032.dita#ov00032/exStrings" scope="local"
type="table"></xref>.</p></section>
<section><title>Does the messaging policy allow the message to be
sent?</title><p>When you create a messaging policy, you can restrict
whether an application can publish or subscribe to a topic string,
or it can send, receive, or browse a queue. The restriction can be
based on one or more of the following values: IP address, client ID,
messaging user ID, messaging group, or the client certificate used.
If messages are not being sent, the cause might be that the messaging
policy does not allow the application to publish to the topic string,
or send to the queue. </p><p>Check the logs for messages that indicate
the messaging policy does not allow the message to be published or
sent. To resolve the problem, connect the application to an endpoint
with messaging policies that allow the message to be published or
sent. Alternatively, change the messaging policy to allow the application
to publish or send.</p></section>
<section id="maxMsgCount"><title>Has the max message count been reached?</title><?Pub
Caret -2?><p>In the messaging policies, a maximum message count is
defined if the destination type is <codeph>topic</codeph>. If a backlog
of messages builds up on <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>, the maximum
message count might be reached. When the maximum message count is
reached, messages cannot be published until the backlog is reduced. </p><p>Check
the <codeph><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph>-default.log</codeph> log
file for messages that indicate that the maximum message count is
reached.</p></section>
<section><title>Has the max message size been exceeded?</title><p>When
you define an endpoint, you can set a maximum size for messages 1
- 262,144 KB. If you attempt to publish a message that is larger than
the maximum message size defined in the endpoint, the message is not
published. </p><p>Check the <codeph><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph>-default.log</codeph> log
file for messages that indicate that the maximum message size is exceeded.
To resolve the problem, you can connect the application to an endpoint
that allows messages of that size. Alternatively, you can increase
the maximum message size that is allowed on the endpoint, or you can
reduce the size of the message.</p></section>
<section><title>Has the maximum topic depth been exceeded?</title><p><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> has a maximum
topic depth of 32 levels. If you attempt to publish a message to a
topic string that exceeds this depth, the message is not published. </p><p>To
resolve the problem, you must reduce the depth of the topic string.</p></section>
</conbody>
<related-links>
<link href="tr10000_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00001_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00008_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00010_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00009_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00004_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00002_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00005_.dita"></link>
<link href="admin_messagecatalog.dita"></link>
</related-links>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000004380?>
