<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002--><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?><?Pub Inc?><concept id="tr00012_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" /> is
not working</title>
<shortdesc>There are several common reasons why the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" /> might not
work.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<section><title>Is the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" /> container running in your
                Docker environment?</title><p>If the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" /> container is not running, you
                cannot connect to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" />. To
                determine whether the container is running, enter the following command:</p><p><codeph>docker ps -a</codeph></p><p>If the status is not <codeph>Running</codeph>, start the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" /> container. </p>
            <p>You can start the container by entering the following command: <codeph>docker start
                        <varname>&lt;WebUI container name&gt;</varname></codeph></p></section>
<section><title>Does restarting the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" /> process resolve
the issue?</title><p>With some issues, restarting the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
                /> process can resolve the issue.</p>
            <p>If you are using Docker: <ul>
                <li>You can stop the container by entering the following command: <codeph>docker stop <varname>&lt;WebUI container name&gt;</varname></codeph></li>
                <li>You can start the container by entering the following command: <codeph>docker start <varname>&lt;WebUI container name&gt;</varname></codeph></li>
                </ul></p>
            <p>If you are not using Docker:<ul>
            <li>You can stop the process by entering the following command: <codeph>systemctl stop imawebui</codeph></li>
            <li>You can start the process by entering the following command: <codeph>systemctl start imawebui</codeph></li>
                </ul></p></section>
        <section>
            <title>Is the port in use?</title>
            <p>If you have changed the port, and can no longer access the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" /> you can check if the new
                port is in use. </p>
            <p>You must first stop the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" />. </p>
            <p>If you are using Docker you can stop the process by entering the following command:
                    <codeph>docker stop <varname>&lt;WebUI container name&gt;</varname></codeph></p>
            <p>If you are not using Docker you can stop the process by entering the following
            command: <codeph>systemctl stop imawebui</codeph></p>
            <p>You can then check to see whether the port is in use. If the port is in use, you
                might be able to locate the application that is using that port and temporarily stop
                that application. This might provide you with enough time to start the Web UI again
                by using the port. You can then select a new port that is valid and available. </p>
            <p>To start the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" /> you can use one
                of  the following commands: </p>
            <p>If you are using Docker you can start the process by entering the following command:
                    <codeph>docker start <varname>&lt;WebUI container name&gt;</varname></codeph></p>
            <p>If you are not using Docker you can start the process by entering the following
            command: <codeph>systemctl start imawebui</codeph></p>
        </section>
<section><title>Does closing the browser application resolve the issue?</title><p>If you experience problems with the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" />,
                closing the browser application might resolve the issue. After you close the browser
                application and all of your browser windows, open a new browser application and log
                in again.</p></section>
<section><title>Can you ping the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" /> host from
the machine that you are running the browser from?</title><p>If the ping test is not successful, there might be a problem with your network setup or the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> server might not be powered on.
                If the ping test is successful, check that the network <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> server configuration is
                correct. </p></section>
<section><title>Is the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" /> connection
timing out?</title><p>If you have a slow connection, your connection
to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" /> might
time out.</p><p>By default, the HTTP Read timeout is set to 20 seconds. If you increase this value, you can reduce the chance of a timeout. For more information about changing the HTTP Read timeout, see <xref format="dita" href="../AdministeringWebUI/ad00193_.dita" scope="local" type="task" />.</p></section>
<section><title>Is the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" /> not working
after a firmware update?</title><p>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" /> might show
a blank page after a firmware update. To resolve this issue, clear
your browser cache and try again.</p></section>
<section><title>Is the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" /> not loading
in Firefox?</title><p>When you are using Firefox with an IPv6 address
and the default, self-signed web UI certificate, the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" /> might not
load. To resolve the problem, take one of the following actions:<ul>
<li>If you have a DNS server that can map a host name to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" /> IP address,
you can assign a host name to the static IP address and use the host
name to access the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" />.</li>
<li>Replace the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" /> self-signed certificate with a certificate from a certifying authority. You must use a different browser to replace the certificate. For more information about replacing the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" /> certificate, see <xref format="dita" href="../AdministeringWebUI/ad00196_.dita" scope="local" type="task" />.</li>
<li>Replace the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" /> self-signed certificate with a certificate that the user can install into Firefox. You must use a different browser to replace the certificate. For more information about replacing the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" /> certificate, see <xref format="dita" href="../AdministeringWebUI/ad00196_.dita" scope="local" type="task" />.</li>
</ul></p></section>
<section><title>Are you using Internet Explorer 10?</title><p>Ensure that you are using the latest version with the latest fixes by running <tm trademark="Windows" tmtype="tm" tmclass="IGNORE">Windows</tm> Update.</p><?Pub Caret -1?></section>
<section><title>Is the URL used to connect to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" /> the fully
qualified domain name?</title><p>If you use a short name in the URL,
for example, <codeph>https://abc:9087</codeph>, you might see the
error code <codeph>CWLNA5001</codeph>, and a server status of <codeph>UNKNOWN</codeph>.
To resolve this issue, you must use the fully qualified domain name,
for example, <codeph>https://abc.example.com:9087</codeph>.</p></section>
<section><title>Is the IP address that you are using configured correctly? </title><p>If
you are using a static IP address, ensure that the address is from
the IP range that is defined for a given VMnetX adapter in the Virtual
Network Editor.</p><p>If you are using a dynamic IP address, ensure
that DHCP is enabled for the corresponding VMnetX adapter(s) in the
Virtual Network Editor. The <uicontrol>Use local DHCP service to distribute
IP address to VMs</uicontrol> checkbox must be selected.</p></section>
</conbody>
<related-links>
<link href="tr10000_.dita" />
<link href="../AdministeringWebUI/ad00199_.dita" />
<link href="../AdministeringWebUI/ad00197_.dita" />
<link href="../AdministeringWebUI/ad00198_.dita" />
<link href="../AdministeringWebUI/ad00193_.dita" />
<link href="../AdministeringWebUI/ad00195_.dita" />
<link href="../AdministeringWebUI/ad00196_.dita" />
<link href="../AdministeringWebUI/ad00194_.dita" />
</related-links>

</concept><?Pub *0000009874?><?tm 1462288264950 1 Windows ?>
