<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002--><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?><?Pub Inc?><concept id="tr00000_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Log files</title>
<shortdesc>There are various system logs that you can use to help with problem determination and troubleshooting. You can set the logging level, change the log location, and view log location information by using <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs" />. </shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>There are five different log files available:<dl>
      <dlentry>
        <dt><codeph><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"
          />-default.log</codeph></dt>
        <dd>This log file shows all log entries about the operation of the server. High severity entries that are shown in other logs are also logged in this log.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt><codeph><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"
          />-connection.log</codeph></dt>
        <dd>This log file shows log entries that are related to connections. These entries can be used as an audit log for connections, and also indicates errors with connections.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt><codeph><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"
          />-admin.log</codeph></dt>
        <dd>This log file shows log entries that are related to running administration commands. It records all changes to the configuration of the server, and attempted changes.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt><codeph><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"
          />-security.log</codeph></dt>
        <dd>This log file shows log entries that are related to authentication and authorization. This log can be used as an audit log for security-related items.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt><codeph><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"
          />-mqconnectivity.log</codeph></dt>
        <dd>This log file shows log entries that are related to <ph
          conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"
          /> function. These entries include problems found connecting to queue managers. The log can help with diagnosing problems in connecting <ph
          conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> to <ph
          conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/>.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      </dl></p>
    <p>If you are using an <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
      /> RPM on a host OS, the log files are in <filepath>/var/messagesight/diag/logs</filepath></p>
    <p>If you are using <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
      /> in a Docker container, identify the volume mounts that were used when you issued the Docker run command. For example, issue the following command:<codeblock>
# docker inspect IMA | grep -A 12 Mounts    
"Mounts": [
{            
"Source": "/data/messagesight/var",            
"Destination": "/var/messagesight",            
"Mode": "",            
"RW": true
},
{
"Source": "/data/messagesight/tmp",
"Destination": "/var/tmp",
"Mode": "",
"RW": true
}</codeblock>The log files are located at the location that is the first mount location suffixed with a relative path of <filepath>diag/logs.</filepath> In the example, the location of the log files is <filepath>/data/messagesight/var/diag/logs</filepath> </p>
<p>For more information about log files, see <xref format="dita" href="../Administering/ad00290_.dita" scope="local" />.</p>
<p>When troubleshooting <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" />, you might be
required to change the logging levels to log the messages that indicate
the cause of the problem. For information about setting the log levels,
see <xref format="dita" href="../Administering/ad00293_.dita" scope="local" />.</p><?Pub Caret 180?>
</conbody>
<related-links>
<link href="tr10000_.dita" />
</related-links>
</concept><?Pub *0000004861?><?tm 1464013912658 1 SoftLayer ?>
