<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="tr00009_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>The application fails to subscribe</title>
<shortdesc>There are several common reasons why an application might
fail to subscribe to a topic.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<section><title>Can the application connect?</title><p>If the application
fails to connect to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>,
the application is unable to subscribe. For more information about
troubleshooting application connection problems, see <xref
href="tr00002_.dita"></xref>.</p></section>
<section><title>Is the topic string valid?</title><p>If the topic
string is not valid, the application is unable to subscribe to that
topic. If the topic string is not valid, you might see errors in the
logs. For example:<codeblock>rc=136 clean=0 reason="The topic is not valid.
Unable to create a consumer because the destination is not valid:"</codeblock>To
resolve the problem, change the topic to a valid string. For more
information about valid topic strings, see <xref format="dita"
href="../Overview/ov00031.dita" scope="local"></xref>, and <xref
format="dita" href="../Overview/ov00032.dita" scope="local"></xref>.</p></section>
<section><title>Does the messaging policy allow the application to
subscribe?</title><p>When you create a messaging policy, you can restrict
whether an application can publish or subscribe to a topic string.
The restriction can be based on one or more of the following values:
IP address, client ID, messaging user ID, messaging group, or the
client certificate used. If the application cannot subscribe, the
cause might be that the messaging policy does not allow the application
to subscribe.</p><p>Check the connection log for messages that indicate
that the application is not authorized to subscribe. You can set the
logging level of the security log to <codeph>MAX</codeph> to gather
further security-related diagnostic information. For more information
about changing the logging level, see <xref format="dita"
href="../Administering/ad00290_.dita" scope="local"></xref>.</p><p>To
resolve the problem, change the messaging policy to allow the application
to subscribe. Alternatively, connect the application to an endpoint
with messaging policies that allow the application to subscribe. </p></section>
<section><title>Are the correct messaging policies specified?</title><p>When
you create applications that use global-shared durable subscriptions,
you must define two messaging policies on the endpoint:<ul>
<li>A subscription messaging policy that defines which client applications
can subscribe to the global-shared durable subscription.</li>
<li>A topic messaging policy that defines which client applications
can access the topic that is associated with the subscription name
defined in the subscription messaging policy.</li>
</ul>If you do not define the two messaging policies, you might see
error message <xref format="html"
href="../../com.ibm.ism.messages.doc/CWLNC0207.html" scope="peer">CWLNC0207</xref>.</p><?Pub
Caret 526?><p>For more information about messaging policies, see <xref
href="../Security/se00004_.dita"></xref>.</p></section>
</conbody>
<related-links>
<link href="tr10000_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00001_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00010_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00004_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00003_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00002_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00008_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00005_.dita"></link>
<link href="admin_messagecatalog.dita"></link>
</related-links>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000003745?>
