<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="tr00006_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Maintenance mode</title>
<shortdesc>Maintenance mode is an <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server state
  that allows a system administrator to complete a number of tasks. In maintenance mode, a system
  administrator can clean the server store, stop and start the server, and change the server state
  from <codeph>Maintenance</codeph> to <codeph>Running</codeph>.</shortdesc><?Pub
Caret 265?>
<conbody>
<p>There are several reasons that the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server state
changes to maintenance mode:<ul>
<li>There is a configuration error. For example:<ul>
<li>High Availability might be configured with the wrong IP address
for the local replication NIC.</li>
<li>The LDAP Bind DN password might be changed on the LDAP server,
and therefore the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server
cannot connect.</li>
<li>A certificate might be invalid or corrupted.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>The system administrator sets the server state to <codeph>Maintenance</codeph> by using <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>, or by using the <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>. For more information changing the server
     state, see <xref href="tr00007_.dita"/>.</li>
<li>The store is corrupted and unrecoverable, or there are insufficient system resources to start
     the store. When any of these issues occur, the <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server automatically changes the server state
     to <codeph>Maintenance</codeph>.</li>
      <li>A pair of <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
        /> servers in a high availability (HA) pair is incorrectly configured for cluster membership. One server in the HA pair might be configured for cluster membership but the other server in the HA pair might not be configured for cluster membership. For more information about configuring HA on cluster members, see <xref
        format="dita" href="../Administering/ad00909_.dita" scope="local" type="concept"/>. </li>
</ul></p>
<p>To diagnose why the server is in maintenance mode, check the status of the server, and check the
   log files for possible causes. After you resolve the issue, you can change the server state from
    <codeph>Maintenance</codeph>. For more information about checking the status of the server and
   changing the server state, see <xref href="tr00007_.dita"/>.</p>
<p>If the store is corrupted and unrecoverable, or if there are insufficient
system resources to start the store, you might need to clean the store.
Cleaning the store deletes all persistent data, including messages,
subscriptions, and client states. Do not clean the store unless you
want to delete all persistent data on the system. For more information
about cleaning the store, see <xref href="tr00013_.dita"></xref>. </p>
  <p>As an alternative to cleaning the store, consider setting the <codeph>"TolerateRecoveryInconsistencies":</codeph> object to <codeph>true</codeph> by using an <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
      /> REST API POST method. Setting <codeph>"TolerateRecoveryInconsistencies": true</codeph>, and then restarting the server, allows <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
      /> to continue and try to recover as much data as possible if it encounters problems with persisted data during restart. Any data that cannot be reconstructed correctly is deleted; this setting results in partial, possibly complete, data loss. Cleaning the store, however, always deletes all persistent data. For more information about setting <codeph>"TolerateRecoveryInconsistencies": true</codeph>, see <xref
      format="dita" href="../Reference/SpecialCmd/cmd_set_tolerate.dita" scope="local"
      type="reference"/>.</p>
</conbody>
<related-links>
<link href="tr10000_.dita"></link>
</related-links>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000002782?>
