<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="tr00020_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>LTPA validation fails</title>
<shortdesc>There are several common reasons why LTPA validation might
fail.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<section><title>Does the LTPA profile have a valid LTPA key file?</title><p>The <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> LTPA profile
must have a valid LTPA key file from <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> or <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wl"></ph>. To resolve the
problem, ensure that the LTPA key file is valid, and is associated
with the correct LTPA profile.</p></section>
<section><title>Is the LTPA profile associated with the correct security
profile?</title><p>The LTPA profile must be assigned to a security
profile, and the security profile must be associated with the endpoint
that the client application is connecting to. If the LTPA profile
is not associated with the correct security profile and endpoint,
the LTPA authentication fails. To resolve the problem, ensure that
the LTPA profile is associated with the correct security profile and
endpoint.</p></section>
<section><title>Is the expiration time of the token valid?</title><p>If
the token expiration time is invalid, the LTPA authentication fails.
If the application is connected to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> when the token
expires, the connection to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> ends.</p></section>
<section><title>Is the user name and password correct?</title><p>The
client application must have a user name of <codeph>IMA_LTPA_AUTH</codeph> and
a password that is set to the LTPA token value. If the user name and
password are not correct, the LTPA authentication fails. To resolve
the problem, ensure that the user name and password are correctly
set.</p></section>
</conbody><?Pub Caret -1?>
<related-links>
<link href="tr00001_.dita"></link>
</related-links>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000002168?>
