<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="tr00005_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title> <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"> </ph> problems</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>There are several  reasons why you might experience problems when you use <ph
		conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"> </ph>.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<section>When troubleshooting <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"> 			</ph> problems,
there are a number of tools you can use to diagnose the problem:<ul>
<li>The destination mapping rule status information. The status of the destination mapping rules is
					shown in the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"> </ph> on the
						<uicontrol>MQ Connectivity</uicontrol> page. Alternatively, you can gather
					information about the status of the destination mapping rules by using <ph
						conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>. For more information
					about using <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>, see <xref
						href="../Administering/ad00099_.dita"> </xref>.</li>
<li>The <codeph> 						<ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"> 						</ph>-mqconnectivity.log</codeph>.</li>
<li>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> 					</ph> log
files.</li>
</ul> 		</section>
<section> 			<title>Has the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"> 				</ph> process
started?</title> 			<p>To create, view or edit queue manager connections
and destination mapping rules, the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"> 				</ph> process
must be started. If the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"> 				</ph> process
is stopped, you might see an error such as <xref format="html"
href="../../com.ibm.ism.messages.doc/CWLNA5035.html" scope="peer">CWLNA5035</xref>.</p> 			<p>For
more information about how to start <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"> 				</ph>, see <xref
format="dita" href="../Administering/ad00129_.dita" scope="local"> 				</xref>.</p> 		</section>
<section> 			<title>Is the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> 				</ph> queue manager
or listener stopped?</title> 			<p> 				<ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"> 				</ph> cannot connect
to a<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> 				</ph> queue
manager if the queue manager or the associated listener is stopped.
If the queue manager or the listener is stopped, you might see an
error such as <xref format="html"
href="../../com.ibm.ism.messages.doc/CWLNA7011.html" scope="peer">CWLNA7011</xref> in
the <codeph> 					<ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"> 					</ph>-mqconnectivity.log</codeph>.
The error might include a reason such as <codeph>MQRC_Q_MGR_NOT_AVAILABLE</codeph> if
the queue manager is stopped, or <codeph>MQRC_HOST_NOT_AVAILABLE</codeph> if
the listener is stopped.</p> 			<p>You can start the queue manager
by using the <cmdname>strmqm</cmdname> command on the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> 				</ph> system.
For more information about <cmdname>strmqm</cmdname>, see <xref
href="http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSFKSJ_7.5.0/com.ibm.mq.ref.adm.doc/q083650_.htm"
scope="external">strmqm</xref> in the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> 				</ph> documentation.</p> 			<p>You
can start the listener by using the <cmdname>START LISTENER</cmdname> MQSC
command on the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> 				</ph> system.
For more information about <cmdname>START LISTENER</cmdname>, see <xref
href="http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSFKSJ_7.5.0/com.ibm.mq.ref.adm.doc/q086700_.htm"
scope="external">START LISTENER</xref> in the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> 				</ph> documentation.</p> 		</section>
<section> 			<title>Does the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> 				</ph> queue or
topic exist?</title> 			<p> 				<ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"> 				</ph> cannot connect
to a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> 				</ph> queue
or topic that does not exist. If <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"> 				</ph> attempts
to connect to a queue or topic that does not exist, you might see
an error such as <xref format="html"
href="../../com.ibm.ism.messages.doc/CWLNA7012.html" scope="peer">CWLNA7012</xref> in
the <codeph> 					<ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"> 					</ph>-mqconnectivity.log</codeph>.
The error might include a reason such as <codeph>MQRC_UNKNOWN_OBJECT_NAME</codeph>.</p> 			<p>You
can check that the queue exists by using the <cmdname>DISPLAY QUEUE</cmdname> MQSC
command on the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> 				</ph> system.
For more information about the <cmdname>DISPLAY QUEUE</cmdname> command,
see <xref
href="http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSFKSJ_7.5.0/com.ibm.mq.ref.adm.doc/q086270_.htm"
scope="external">DISPLAY QUEUE</xref> in the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> 				</ph> documentation.</p> 			<p>You
can check that the topic exists by using the <cmdname>DISPLAY TOPIC</cmdname> MQSC
command on the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> 				</ph> system.
For more information about the <cmdname>DISPLAY TOPIC</cmdname> command,
see <xref
href="http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSFKSJ_7.5.0/com.ibm.mq.ref.adm.doc/q086380_.htm"
scope="external">DISPLAY TOPIC</xref> in the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> 				</ph> documentation.</p> 			<p>If
the queue or topic exists, check that the name in your destination
mapping rule matches the name of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> 				</ph> queue or
object.</p> 		</section>
<section> 			<title>Is the message too large for <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> 				</ph>?</title> 			<p>You
can set the maximum size of messages that are allowed on a <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> 				</ph> queue manager.
You can also set the maximum size of messages that can be transmitted
over a server connection channel. If a message is too large for that
queue manager or server connection channel, the message does not arrive.
The maximum size of a message is determined by the <parmname>MAXMSGL</parmname> attribute
on the queue manager, and on the server-connection channel. The default
value of <parmname>MAXMSGL</parmname> is 4,194,304 bytes.</p> 			<p>If
the message is too large, you might see an error such as <xref
format="html" href="../../com.ibm.ism.messages.doc/CWLNA7010.html"
scope="peer">CWLNA7010</xref> in the <codeph> 					<ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"> 					</ph>-mqconnectivity.log</codeph>.</p> 			<p>You
can change the <parmname>MAXMSGL</parmname> queue manager attribute
to increase the maximum size of messages that are allowed on the queue
manager. The <parmname>MAXMSGL</parmname> attribute can be changed
by using the <cmdname>ALTER QMGR</cmdname> MQSC command. For more
information, see <xref
href="http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSFKSJ_7.5.0/com.ibm.mq.ref.adm.doc/q085320_.htm"
scope="external">ALTER QMGR</xref> and <xref
href="http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSFKSJ_7.5.0/com.ibm.mq.ref.adm.doc/q085170_.htm"
scope="external">ALTER CHANNEL</xref>, in the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> 				</ph> documentation.</p> 		</section>
<section id="HasTheMaximumMessageLimitBeenReache"> 			<title>Has the
maximum message limit been reached?</title> 			<p>In each destination
mapping rule, a maximum message limit is set. This limit defines how
many messages can be stored on <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"> 				</ph> if messages
cannot be sent on to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> 				</ph>.
After the limit is reached, any attempts to publish messages to the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"> 				</ph> topic in
the destination mapping rule fails. After the backlog reduces, messages
can be published to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"> 				</ph> again.</p> 			<p>You must investigate the cause of the message backlog, and ensure that messages are flowing
				from <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"> </ph> to <ph
					conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> </ph>. If messages are flowing,
				but the limit is reached, you might want to increase the value of the maximum
				messages parameter in the destination mapping rule. For more information about
				editing a destination mapping rule, see <xref format="dita"
					href="../Administering/ad00123_.dita" scope="local">Creating and updating a
					destination mapping rule by using REST Administration APIs</xref>.
				Alternatively, if message order is not important, you might want to use more than
				one queue manager to handle the volume of messages.</p> 		</section>
<section> 			<title>Has the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> 				</ph> queue depth
been reached?</title> 			<p>You can set the maximum number of messages
that can be put on a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> 				</ph> queue
at any time. If this maximum queue depth is reached, messages cannot
be sent. The maximum queue depth is determined by the <parmname>MAXDEPTH</parmname> attribute
on the queue.</p> 			<p>If the queue depth is reached, you might see
an error such as <xref format="html"
href="../../com.ibm.ism.messages.doc/CWLNA7010.html" scope="peer">CWLNA7010</xref> in
the <codeph> 					<ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"> 					</ph>-mqconnectivity.log</codeph>.
The error might include a reason such as <codeph>MQRC_Q_FULL</codeph>.</p> 			<p>You
can wait for the queue to empty, but you might consider ways to improve
performance and make the queue empty faster. For example, you can
change the <parmname>MAXDEPTH</parmname> attribute by using the <cmdname>ALTER</cmdname> MQSC
command on the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> 				</ph> system.
For more information about the <cmdname>ALTER</cmdname> command, see <xref
href="http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSFKSJ_7.5.0/com.ibm.mq.ref.adm.doc/q085330_.htm"
scope="external">ALTER queues</xref> in the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> 				</ph> documentation.</p> 		</section>
<section> 			<title>Is the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> 				</ph> authority
correct?</title> 			<p> 				<ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"> 				</ph> cannot send
messages if it is not authorized to use the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> 				</ph> objects.
If the authority is not correct, you might see an error such as <xref
format="html" href="../../com.ibm.ism.messages.doc/CWLNA7011.html"
scope="peer">CWLNA7011</xref>  in the <codeph> 					<ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"> 					</ph>-mqconnectivity.log</codeph>.
The error might include a reason such as <codeph>MQRC_NOT_AUTHORIZED</codeph>.</p> 			<p>You
can authorize <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"> 				</ph> to
connect to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> 				</ph> by
using the <cmdname>SET CHLAUTH</cmdname>, and <cmdname>SET AUTHREC</cmdname> MQSC
commands on the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> 				</ph> system.
For more information about authorizing <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"> 				</ph> to connect
to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> 				</ph>,
see step 6 in <xref format="dita" href="../Administering/ad00091_.dita"
scope="local" type="task"> 				</xref>.</p> 		</section>
<section> 			<title>Does the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"> 				</ph> queue allow
concurrent consumers?</title> 			<p>If you are using an <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"> 				</ph> queue with
more than one destination mapping rule, and the queue does not allow
concurrent consumers, messages cannot be sent. If concurrent consumers
are not allowed, you might see an error such as <xref format="html"
href="../../com.ibm.ism.messages.doc/CWLNA7007.html" scope="peer">CWLNA7007</xref> in
the <codeph> 					<ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"> 					</ph>-mqconnectivity.log</codeph>.
The error might include a reason such as <codeph>The destination has
too many existing consumers.</codeph> 			</p> 			<p>You can change
the queue to allow concurrent consumers, or you can change the destination
mapping rules to use different queues. For more information about
changing the queue, see <xref format="dita"
href="../Administering/ad00350_.dita" scope="local" type="concept"> 				</xref>.
For more information about changing the destination mapping rules,
see <xref format="dita" href="../Administering/ad00110_.dita"
scope="local" type="concept"> 				</xref>.</p> 		</section>
<section> 			<title>Is SSL configured correctly?</title> 			<p>If
you use SSL to secure the connection between <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"> 				</ph> and <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> 				</ph>, but the
connection does not work, check the <codeph>imaserver-mqconnectivity.log</codeph> file
for errors. You must also check the logs on the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> 				</ph> server to
determine whether the error is occurring on <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"> 				</ph>, or on <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> 				</ph>.</p> 			<p>Common
causes of SSL problems on <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"> 				</ph> include
the following causes:<ul>
<li>The certificate is not in the key repository.</li>
<li>The certificate is not valid.</li>
<li>The SSL CipherSpec is not correctly defined in the queue manager
connection.</li>
</ul> 			</p> 		</section>
<section> 			<title>Is the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> 				</ph> heartbeat
interval too large?</title> 			<p>After you restart <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"> 				</ph>, you might
find a <xref format="html"
href="../../com.ibm.ism.messages.doc/CWLNA7009.html" scope="peer">CWLNA7009</xref> error
in the logs with reason <codeph>MQRC_SUBSCRIPTION_IN_USE</codeph>.
This error can occur because the connection between <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"> 				</ph> and <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> 				</ph> was not
yet cleaned up by the queue manager. This error does not mean that <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"> 				</ph> is
not working, only that the connection is not yet cleaned up.</p> 			<p>You
can use the heartbeat interval setting on the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> 				</ph> server connection
channel to ensure that <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> 				</ph> cleans
up the connection in a more timely manner. Alternatively, you can
use the keep alive interval. For more information about the heartbeat
interval, and the keep alive interval, see <xref
href="http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSFKSJ_7.5.0/com.ibm.mq.con.doc/q015650_.htm"
scope="external">Checking that the other end of the channel is still
available</xref>, in the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> 				</ph> documentation.</p> 			
		</section>
<section> 			<title>Is there an unwanted durable subscription on <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> 				</ph>?</title> 			<p>In
some cases, after you disable a destination mapping rule, a durable
subscription for that rule can remain on <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> 				</ph>. To remove
the subscription, complete the following steps:<ol>
<li>Start an MQSC session for the queue manager that is associated
with the destination mapping rule by entering the following command:<p> 							<codeph>runmqsc <varname>qmgrName</varname> 							</codeph> 						</p> 						<p>Where:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>qmgrName</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the queue manager that is associated with
the destination mapping rule that you want to delete.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> 						</p> 					</li>
<li>List the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"> 						</ph> subscriptions
by entering the following command:<p> 							<codeph>display sub(SYSTEM.IMA.*)
topicstr</codeph> 						</p> 					</li>
<li>Find the subscription that you want to delete. You can match the
value of the <parmname>TOPICSTR</parmname> field with the topic string
specified in the destination mapping rule. For example, <codeph>TOPICSTR(/MQ/A1/#)</codeph>.</li>
<li>Delete the subscription by entering the following command:<p> 							<codeph>delete
sub(<varname>subName</varname>)</codeph> 						</p> 						<p>Where:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>subName</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the subscription. The subscription name
is the value that is specified in the <parmname>SUB</parmname> field.
For example, <codeph>  SUB(SYSTEM.IMA.001641EDA6BB.00000001.00000000.SUB)</codeph>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> 						</p> 					</li>
</ol> 			</p> 		</section>
<section> 			<title>Is there an <codeph>MQRC_NOT_AUTHORIZED</codeph> error
after restarting the queue manager?</title> 			<p>It is possible to
get an <codeph>MQRC_NOT_AUTHORIZED</codeph> error when you attempt
to publish or subscribe to a <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> 				</ph> topic at
or below a topic node that has a retained message. This error occurs
after the queue manager is restarted. To resolve this problem, contact
your <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> service representative
about the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> 				</ph> APAR
IV45712.</p> 		</section>
<section> 			<title>Can the queue manager start the server channel?</title> 			<p>It
is possible to get the following message in the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> 				</ph> logs: <codeph>AMQ9575:
Negotiation failed for channel</codeph>.</p> 			<p>This message indicates that the queue manager cannot start the server channel. The cause of
				this problem might be that the queue manager is running in a CCSID that cannot be
				converted to the CCSID (819) that is used by the server. To resolve the problem, run
				the queue manager with a different CCSID.</p> 		</section>
<section> 			<title>Is there an <codeph>MQRC_PUBLICATION_ERROR</codeph> error
on a disabled destination mapping rule?</title> 			<p>When you configure <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> 				</ph> topic objects,
you decide how <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"> 				</ph> responds
when it is unable to deliver a message to a subscriber. For more information,
see <xref href="../Administering/ad00091_.dita"> 				</xref>.</p> 			<p>If
you configure the topic object such that the message must be delivered
to the subscribers, but the message cannot be delivered, the destination
mapping rule is disabled. The reason that is shown is <codeph>MQRC_PUBLICATION_ERROR</codeph>.
This error typically occurs when there is a problem with the subscriber
queue. The queue might be full, or the message might be larger than
the<parmname> MAXMSGL</parmname> attribute of the queue. Investigate
the subscriber queue, and re-enable the destination mapping rule.</p> 		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Does an <codeph>MQRC_ENVIRONMENT_ERROR</codeph> error occur when a destination mapping rule is enabled?</title>
			<p>When you configure the server-connection channel, specifying a value of zero for the <parmname>SHARECNV</parmname> parameter can cause destination mapping rules to fail with <ph
				conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq">
				</ph> reason code 2012 (MQRC_ENVIRONMENT_ERROR) when they are enabled. Ensure that you specify a value of at least 1 for the <parmname>SHARECNV</parmname> parameter. For more information, see <xref
				href="../Administering/ad00091_.dita"> </xref>.</p>
		</section>
</conbody>
<related-links>
<link href="tr10000_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00001_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00008_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00010_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00009_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00003_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00002_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00004_.dita"></link>
<link format="dita" href="../Administering/ad00102_.dita" scope="local"
type="concept"></link>
<link href="admin_messagecatalog.dita"></link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1413224017 1?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000019991?>
