<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="tr00012_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> is
not working</title>
<shortdesc>There are several common reasons why the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> might not
work.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<section><title>Is the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> process running?</title><p>If
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> is
not running, you cannot connect to the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>. To determine
the status of the process, enter the following command on the command
line:</p><p><codeph>webui status</codeph></p><p>If the status is not <codeph>Running</codeph>,
start the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> process
by entering the following command:</p><p><codeph>imaserver start webui</codeph></p></section>
<section><title>Does restarting the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> process resolve
the issue?</title><p>With some issues, restarting the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
/> process can resolve the issue. To restart the process, you must stop, and then start, the process by using the command line. For more information about stopping and starting the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> process, see <xref
href="../AdministeringWebUI/ad00194_.dita"/>.</p></section>
<section><title>Does closing the browser window resolve the issue?</title><p>If
you experience problems with the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>, closing the
browser window might resolve the issue. After you close the browser
window, open a new browser window and log in again.</p></section>
<section><title>Can you ping the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> host from
the machine that you are running the browser from?</title><p>If the
ping test is not successful, there might be a problem with your network
setup or the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> appliance
might not be powered on. If the ping test is successful, check that
the network <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> appliance
configuration is correct. </p></section>
<section><title>Is the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> connection
timing out?</title><p>If you have a slow connection, your connection
to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> might
time out.</p><p>By default, the HTTP Read timeout is set to 20 seconds. If you increase this value, you can reduce the chance of a timeout. For more information about changing the HTTP Read timeout, see <xref
format="dita" href="../AdministeringWebUI/ad00193_.dita" scope="local" type="task"/>.</p></section>
<section><title>Is the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> not working
after a firmware update?</title><p>The <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> might show
a blank page after a firmware update. To resolve this issue, clear
your browser cache and try again.</p></section>
<section><title>Is there an IP address or port conflict?</title><p>You
might not be able to connect to the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> if there is
an IP address or port conflict. To resolve this issue, you must change
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> IP
address and port number by using the command line. For more information
about how to change the IP address and port of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> by using the
command line, see <xref format="dita"
href="../Administering/ad00098_.dita" scope="local" type="task"></xref>.</p></section>
<section><title>Is the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> not loading
in Firefox?</title><p>When you are using Firefox with an IPv6 address
and the default, self-signed web UI certificate, the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> might not
load. To resolve the problem, take one of the following actions:<ul>
<li>If you have a DNS server that can map a host name to the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> IP address,
you can assign a host name to the static IP address and use the host
name to access the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>.</li>
<li>Replace the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
/> self-signed certificate with a certificate from a certifying authority. You must use a different browser to replace the certificate. For more information about replacing the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> certificate, see <xref format="dita"
href="../AdministeringWebUI/ad00196_.dita" scope="local" type="task"/>.</li>
<li>Replace the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
/> self-signed certificate with a certificate that the user can install into Firefox. You must use a different browser to replace the certificate. For more information about replacing the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> certificate, see <xref format="dita"
href="../AdministeringWebUI/ad00196_.dita" scope="local" type="task"/>.</li>
</ul></p><p>There is a known issue with Firefox 31 ESR on Linux when
using the self-signed certificate. This issue does not occur on Firefox
24 ESR or Firefox 33 or later. To resolve the problem, take one of
the following actions:<ul>
<li>Use a browser other than Firefox 31 ESR. </li>
<li>Replace the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
/> self-signed certificate with a certificate from a certifying authority. You must use a different browser to replace the certificate. For more information about replacing the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> certificate, see <xref format="dita"
href="../AdministeringWebUI/ad00196_.dita" scope="local">Changing the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> security certificate</xref>. </li>
</ul></p></section>
<section><title>Are you using Internet Explorer 10?</title><p>Ensure
that you are using the latest version with the latest fixes by running
Windows Update.</p><?Pub Caret -1?></section>
<section><title>Is the URL used to connect to the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> the fully
qualified domain name?</title><p>If you use a short name in the URL,
for example, <codeph>https://abc:9087</codeph>, you might see the
error code <codeph>CWLNA5001</codeph>, and a server status of <codeph>UNKNOWN</codeph>.
To resolve this issue, you must use the fully qualified domain name,
for example, <codeph>https://abc.example.com:9087</codeph>.</p></section>
<section><title>Are you using an <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> physical appliance
or <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/virtualedition"></ph>? </title><p>If you are running a virtual image of <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/>, check the network configuration of <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"
/> and your virtual host. You might also want to check that the network connection type in the virtual machine settings matches the desired configuration of <codeph>Bridged</codeph>, <codeph>Host-only</codeph>, <codeph>NAT</codeph>, or <codeph>Custom</codeph>.</p><p>If you are using an <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> physical appliance,
check that you have appropriate connectivity to the network where
the physical appliance is located.</p></section>
<section><title>Is the IP address that you are using configured correctly? </title><p>If
you are using a static IP address, ensure that the address is from
the IP range that is defined for a given VMnetX adapter in the Virtual
Network Editor.</p><p>If you are using a dynamic IP address, ensure
that DHCP is enabled for the corresponding VMnetX adapter(s) in the
Virtual Network Editor. The <uicontrol>Use local DHCP service to distribute
IP address to VMs</uicontrol> checkbox must be selected.</p></section>
<section><title>Have you used the command line to change the IP address
of management port <codeph>mgt0</codeph>? </title><p>If you use the
command line interface to change the IP address of management port<codeph>mgt0</codeph>,
ensure that you also change the IP address of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> to match the
new IP address of <codeph>mgt0</codeph>. If the IP address of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> is not the
same as that of <codeph>mgt0</codeph>, the browser cannot connect
to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>.</p><p>Use
the command line to change the IP address of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>. For more
information about how to change the IP address of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> by using the
command line, see <xref format="dita"
href="../Administering/ad00098_.dita" scope="local" type="task"></xref>.</p></section>
</conbody>
<related-links>
<link href="tr10000_.dita"></link>
<link href="../AdministeringWebUI/ad00199_.dita"/>
<link href="../AdministeringWebUI/ad00197_.dita"/>
<link href="../AdministeringWebUI/ad00198_.dita"/>
<link href="../AdministeringWebUI/ad00193_.dita"/>
<link href="../AdministeringWebUI/ad00195_.dita"/>
<link href="../AdministeringWebUI/ad00196_.dita"/>
<link href="../AdministeringWebUI/ad00194_.dita"/>
</related-links>
<?tm 1413224017 1?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000009874?>
