<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="tr00021_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Dynamic policy update problems</title>
<shortdesc>There are several reasons why you might experience problems
and unexpected behavior when you dynamically update your messaging
policies.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<section><title>Are your subscriptions not being dynamically updated
when you update your messaging policy?</title><p> If you are using global-shared durable subscriptions, see <xref format="dita"
href="tr00021_.dita#tr00021_/globalsharedsubs" scope="local"
/>. If your subscriptions are not being dynamically updated, you must ensure that you are updating the topic policy that is associated with the subscription. </p><p>You can use the REST API GET method with the URI <codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/monitor/Subscription</codeph> or the <uicontrol>Monitoring</uicontrol> page in the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
/> to determine the topic policy that is associated with the subscription. If the topic policy that is associated with the subscription is not one that you expect, see <xref
href="../Administering/ad00360_.dita#ad00360_/dynamicpolicy" type="section"
/> for possible reasons why.</p></section>
<section id="globalsharedsubs"><title>Are your global-shared durable subscriptions not being dynamically updated when you update your subscription policy?</title><p> If your subscriptions are not being dynamically updated, you must ensure that you are updating the subscription policy that is associated with the subscription. </p><p>You can use the REST API GET method with the URI <codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/monitor/Subscription</codeph> or the <uicontrol>Monitoring</uicontrol> page in the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
/> to determine the subscription policy that is associated with the subscription. If the subscription policy that is associated with the subscription is not one that you expect, see <xref
href="../Administering/ad00360_.dita#ad00360_/dynamicpolicy" type="section"
/> for possible reasons why.</p></section>
<section><title>Does your subscription sometimes have different values
for <parmname>Max Messages</parmname>, <parmname>Max Messages Behavior</parmname>,
and <parmname>Disconnected client notification</parmname>?</title><p>Your
application might be using different messaging policies at different
times when it is connecting. See <xref
href="../Administering/ad00360_.dita#ad00360_/dynamicpolicy"
type="section"></xref> for possible reasons why.</p></section>
<section><title>Does your application sometimes receive a disconnected
client notification, and sometimes not?</title><p>Your application
might be using different messaging policies at different times when
it is connecting. See <xref
href="../Administering/ad00360_.dita#ad00360_/dynamicpolicy"
type="section"></xref> for possible reasons why.</p></section>
<section><title>Have you set or updated <parmname>MaxMessageTimeToLive</parmname> on
your messaging policy but messages are not expiring as you expect
them to? </title><p>If your messages are expiring too quickly, or
too slowly, or are not expiring at all, consider the following information:<ul>
<li><parmname>MaxMessageTimeToLive</parmname> must be set on the topic policy that is in use by the producer or publisher when it connected.</li>
<li><parmname>MaxMessageTimeToLive</parmname> is specified in seconds.
Verify that the value that is specified for <parmname>MaxMessageTimeToLive</parmname> is
correct.</li>
<li>The <parmname>MaxMessageTimeToLive</parmname> value for a message is the value that is specified in the topic policy when the message is sent. If there are already messages in the subscription when you set or updated the value of <parmname>MaxMessageTimeToLive</parmname>, these messages might have might have different values than the value currently shown on the topic policy.</li>
<li>In JMS, does your producer application specify a value for <codeph>time-to-live</codeph> that is different from the value of <parmname>MaxMessageTimeToLive</parmname> on the topic policy? In this situation, the lower of the two values is used.</li>
</ul></p></section>
<section><title><parmname>MaxMessageTimeToLive</parmname> varies on
different connections of your publisher</title><p>Are you connecting
and using different messaging policies? For more information, see <xref
href="../Administering/ad00360_.dita#ad00360_/dynamicpolicy"
type="section"></xref>.</p></section>
<section><title>Your consumer is receiving messages after their expiration
time</title><p>Check the value of the application <codeph>time-to-live</codeph> parameter and the value of <parmname>MaxMessageTimeToLive</parmname> on the topic policy. The lower of the two values is used.</p><p>Although <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> checks
message expiry time, messages can still be delivered to the application
after the expiry time:<ul>
<li>Messages might expire while they are cached on the client of your JMS consumer.</li>
<li>In JMS, messages might expire while they are in the client message
cache of your JMS consumer. By setting <parmname>clientMessageCache</parmname> on
your JMS receiver and immediately processing messages that are received,
you can ensure that fewer expired messages are delivered.</li>
</ul></p></section>
</conbody><?Pub Caret -1?>
<related-links>
<link href="tr00010_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00009_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00003_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00004_.dita"></link>
</related-links>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000006901?>
