<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="tr00008_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>The application disconnects</title>
<shortdesc>There are several common reasons why an application might
disconnect unexpectedly.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<section><title>Does another application have the same client ID?</title><p>If
more than one MQTT application uses the same client ID, the applications
can disconnect unexpectedly. The first application connects successfully.
When another application attempts to connect with the same client
ID, the first application is disconnected, and the new application
connects. If the applications contain logic to automatically reconnect,
the two applications can repeatedly disconnect each other.</p><p>Check
the default log for messages that indicate that multiple applications
are using the same ID. To resolve the problem, ensure that each application
has a unique client ID.</p></section>
<section><title>Has the <parmname>KeepAlive</parmname> parameter on
the MQTT <codeph>ConnectionObject</codeph> expired?</title><p>If the <parmname>KeepAlive</parmname> parameter
of the MQTT <codeph>ConnectionObject</codeph> expires, the application
disconnects. </p><p>To resolve the problem, you can connect the application
again, or adjust the <parmname>KeepAlive</parmname> parameter so that
the application remains connected to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> for longer.</p></section>
<section><title>Does the messaging policy allow an attempted action?</title><p>If
the application disconnects after it attempts to publish, subscribe,
send, receive, or browse, you might have a messaging policy that does
not allow the action. In some cases, attempting the action can cause
the application to disconnect.</p><p>Check the logs for messages that
indicate that the messaging policy does not allow the action. To resolve
the problem, change the messaging policy to allow the action. Alternatively,
connect the application to an endpoint with messaging policies that
allow the action. </p></section>
<section><title>Has the messaging user group membership changed?</title><p>If
you use <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> messaging
users and groups in your connection or messaging policies, and you
update the group membership of the application user, applications
might disconnect and fail to reconnect.</p><p>The user and group information
is cached when the application connects. If an application is connected
when the group membership of the application user is modified, the
cache is used until the cache timeout is reached. When the timeout
is reached, the new group membership information is used. If the connection
policies and messaging policies do not allow the new group membership,
the application disconnects and cannot reconnect.</p><p>To resolve
the problem, check the group membership of the user against the groups
that are allowed in the connection and messaging policies. Add the
user to the appropriate groups, or update the connection policies
and messaging policies to allow the group to connect.</p></section>
<section><title>Are MQTT subscribers being disconnected?</title><p>The
connection that is being used by an MQTT client can be taken over
by another MQTT client that is using the same client ID. MQTT clients
can be disconnected. </p><?Pub Caret 127?><p>To avoid this problem,
you must ensure that all MQTT client IDs are unique. For more information, see <xref
format="dita" href="../Developing/sessiontakeoverinmqtt.dita"
scope="local" type="concept"></xref>.</p></section>
</conbody>
<related-links>
<link href="tr10000_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00001_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00004_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00003_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00002_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00009_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00010_.dita"></link>
<link href="tr00005_.dita"></link>
<link href="admin_messagecatalog.dita"></link>
</related-links>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000004153?>
