<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="migratingconsids1200" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>What's changed in version 1.2</title>
<shortdesc>Review the information in this section to consider important
factors when, or after, you upgrade to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> version
1.2. </shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>For information about upgrading to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> version
1.2 from <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> version
1.1.0.1, see <xref href="../Upgrading/up00001_.dita" scope="local"></xref>.</p><?Pub
Caret 55?>
<section><title>Dynamic policy updates</title><p>From version 1.2,
subscriptions and producers maintain an association with a messaging
policy. As a consequence, you can update certain parameters on a messaging
policy and these updates are immediately applied to all subscriptions
and producers that are using that policy. For most durable subscriptions
that are migrated from version 1.1, the associations are added to
the subscription the first time that a client connects to them. </p><p>As
a result, there are factors to consider when you upgrade to version
1.2 from an earlier version:<ul>
<li>Existing durable subscriptions, except for global-shared durable
subscriptions, might experience unexpected behavior when a client
first connects after upgrading to version 1.2. When a client connects, <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> authorizes
the client based on the messaging policies that are currently defined
for the endpoint that the client connects to. The policies are evaluated
in the order listed. The first messaging policy that authorizes the
client's durable subscription is selected. The messaging policy that
is selected might be a different messaging policy to the one that
the durable subscription was originally created with, or it might
be the same one. In either case, the values of the <parmname>DisconnectedClientNotification</parmname> and <parmname>MaxMessages</parmname> parameters
in the selected messaging policy are applied dynamically to the durable
subscriptions after upgrading to version 1.2. The value of these parameters
might not be the same as the values that were set in the original
messaging policy when the durable subscription was first created. </li>
<li>Existing global-shared durable subscriptions do not change when
you upgrade to version 1.2.  If you want to update the <parmname>MaxMessages</parmname> or <parmname>DisconnectedClientNotification</parmname> parameters
on a global-shared durable subscription that has upgraded to version
1.2, you must delete the global-shared durable subscription and re-create
it. When the subscription is re-created, a messaging policy is associated
with it.  You can then modify the <parmname>MaxMessages</parmname> and <parmname>DisconnectedClientNotification</parmname> parameters
of the global-shared durable subscription by modifying the messaging
policy that is assigned to the subscription.   </li>
</ul></p><p>Monitor your appliance after migration. Use the subscription
monitor to view existing subscriptions; the subscription monitor also
shows the messaging policy that is being applied to each subscription.</p><p> If
the value of <parmname>MaxMessages</parmname> value changes on a migrated
durable subscription, the client application might start to experience
publishing failures if the value is set lower than it was. If the
value of <parmname>MaxMessages</parmname> is set higher than it was,
the appliance might start to experience an increase in the number
of buffered messages. Either of these situations can be corrected
by updating the value of <parmname>MaxMessages</parmname> on the messaging
policy and the new value will then be dynamically applied to the subscriptions. </p><p>After
upgrading to version 1.2, subscription properties might change for
a number of reasons. See <xref
href="../Administering/ad00360_.dita#ad00360_/dynamicpolicy"
type="section"></xref> for an explanation of these reasons.</p></section>
<section><title>Setting your appliance name</title><p>You can name
your <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> appliance
by using characters in the ranges A-Z, a-z, and 0-9, and the special
character -.</p></section>
<section><title>Memory statistics</title><p>An extra category can
now be viewed as part of the memory statistics. The category shows
the memory that is used by connected and disconnected clients. On
the command line, or when published to <codeph> $SYS/ResourceStatistics/Memory</codeph>,
the category is returned as <codeph>ClientState</codeph>.</p></section>
<section><title>Change your administrator password</title><p>After
you upgrade your firmware from version 1.1 or earlier, ensure that
you change your administrator password.</p></section>
<section><title>New command aliases</title><p>New command aliases
are available in  <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph>.</p><p>You
can use the existing commands <cmdname>status imaserver</cmdname>, <cmdname>status
mqconnectivity</cmdname>, <cmdname>status sshhost</cmdname>, and <cmdname>status
webui</cmdname>, or you can use the new command aliases:<ul>
<li><cmdname>imaserver status</cmdname></li>
<li><cmdname>mqconnectivity status</cmdname></li>
<li><cmdname>sshhost status</cmdname></li>
<li><cmdname>webui status</cmdname></li>
</ul></p></section>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000005690?>
