<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002--><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?><?Pub Inc?><concept id="ov40001" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>High availability planning</title>
<shortdesc>High availability (HA) enables messaging services to continue over the outage of a
    server. In an HA environment, two servers are connected and configured as an HA pair so that, if
    one of the servers (the primary) fails due to a planned or unplanned outage, the other server
    (the standby) can take over as the primary and messages can continue to be processed. When the
    original primary becomes available again after the outage, it acts as the standby in the HA
    pair.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<section><title>Application requirements</title><p>Your applications
can benefit from HA. They can connect to the standby node in the event
of a failure of the primary node in the HA pair. They must:<ul>
<li>Specify a list of endpoints for the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> servers
            that make up the HA pair. <ul>
              <li>In MQTT, you can specify a list of server URIs. </li>
              <li>In JMS, you can specify a list of servers by using the <parmname>Server</parmname>
                ConnectionFactory property.</li>
            </ul></li>
<li>Attempt to connect again after a failure.</li>
</ul>.</p><p>For more information about configuring HA applications,
see the following topics:<ul>
<li><xref href="../Developing/devmqttapp.dita" /></li>
<li><xref href="../Developing/devjms_hasamples.dita" /></li>
</ul></p><p>For more information about configuring HA with external
resources, see the following topics:<ul>
<li><xref href="../Administering/ad00103_.dita" /></li>
<li><xref href="../Administering/considerationsHA.dita" /></li>
</ul></p></section>
<section otherprops="future">
   <title>Virtual Edition</title>
   <p>On a <tm trademark="SoftLayer" tmtype="reg">SoftLayer</tm> virtual server instance (VSI) and a <tm trademark="SoftLayer" tmtype="reg">SoftLayer</tm> bare metal instance (BMI), the     following two network interfaces are available:<ul>
     <li>a private interface on a network in the IP address range 10.0.0.0 - 10.255.255.255</li>
     <li>a public interface</li>
    </ul><?Pub Caret -1?>
   </p>
   <p>On an Amazon EC2 instance, the following network interfaces are available:<ul>
     <li>a private interface where you must attach an Amazon elastic public IP address to serve as a
            public interface</li>
     <li>a private interface</li>
    </ul><?Pub Caret -1?>
   </p>
   <p>In an HA environment, there are two network interfaces for each server - a replication
    interface and a discovery interface. When you are planning your configuration, use the private
    interface for the replication network interface controller (NIC) and use the public interface
    for the discovery NIC.</p>
   <p> For more information about high availability, see <xref href="../Administering/ad00400_.dita"
/>. </p>
  </section>
</conbody>
</concept><?Pub *0000004571?><?tm 1462285362261 2 SoftLayer ?>
