<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="pl00001_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Planning</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>When you plan your <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> solution, you
must make a number of decisions to ensure your solution works effectively.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<dl otherprops="betaonly"><dlentry>
<dt>Messaging patterns</dt>
<dd>Messaging patterns identify common message flows used in messaging
solutions. You can use the messaging patterns to identify your messaging
needs, and use the associated scenarios to get started quickly. For
more information about the messaging patterns, see <xref format="dita"
href="ov00101_.dita" scope="local" type="concept"></xref>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl>
<dl otherprops="betaonly"><dlentry>
<dt>Supported protocols</dt>
<dd><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> supports
MQTT and JMS. You must consider which protocol is appropriate for
your business needs. For more information about MQTT and JMS, see <xref
format="dita" href="ov00102_.dita" scope="local" type="concept"></xref> and <xref
format="dita" href="../Developing/develop_guide.dita" scope="local"
type="concept"></xref>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry otherprops="betaonly">
<dt>Performance</dt>
<dd>A number of factors can affect the message throughput of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> appliance.<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Publishers</dt>
<dd>An increase in the number of incoming connections from application
clients that are publishing messages might result in a decrease in
the rate of message throughput.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Number of topics</dt>
<dd>Using a small number of topics might limit throughput.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Network interface card</dt>
<dd>To improve message throughput, you might want publishers and subscribers
to connect to the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> appliance
on different network interface cards. For example, you might configure
your solution so that publishers connect to an endpoint defined on
the eth6 interface, and subscribers connect to an endpoint defined
on the eth7 interface.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry otherprops="betaonly">
<dt>High availability</dt>
<dd>High availability (HA) is the ability of messaging services to
withstand an outage of an appliance and continue to provide messaging
services. Two appliances can be connected and configured as an HA
pair to provide this high availability in the event of a power outage
or system failure affecting one of the appliances. See <xref
format="dita" href="ov40001.dita" scope="local" type="concept"></xref></dd>
</dlentry></dl>
</conbody>
<?tm 1413223985 0?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000002926?>
