<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="pl00050" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Networking</title>
<shortdesc>Understand the virtual network interface controllers that are available for use with <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"
/>, and how they are used on stand-alone hypervisors, SoftLayer virtual and bare metal servers, and Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<section><title>Network Interface controllers</title><p><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"/> has four virtual network interface controllers (NICs):<ul>
<li>eth0 for appliance management.</li>
<li>eth1 for appliance data and orchestrations.</li>
<li>ha0 for high availability discovery service.</li>
<li>ha1 for high availability replication service.</li>
</ul></p><p>On a VMware hypervisor, the virtual NICs are provided
as paravirtual VMXNET 3 network adapters. On SoftLayer virtual and
bare metal servers, NICs are provided as paravirtual Xen-Netfront
network adapters. </p><p>The following table lists NICs that are available for <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"/> deployed in a number of different environments.<table>
<title>Available NICs for <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"
/> in different environments</title>
<desc>
<p outputclass="summary">Available NICs for <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"/> in different environments</p>
</desc>
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="col1"/>
<colspec colname="col2"/>
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry align="center" colname="col1">Environment</entry>
<entry align="center" colname="col2">Available NICs</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">OVA Image for vSphere, XenServer, VirtualBox, KVM </entry>
<entry colname="col2">eth0, eth1, ha0, and ha1</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">Standard image for <tm tmclass="UNKNOWN" tmtype="reg" trademark="Softlayer"
>Softlayer</tm> Virtual Servers</entry>
<entry colname="col2">eth0, eth1</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">ISO image for SoftLayer Bare Metal servers</entry>
<entry colname="col2">eth0, eth1, ha0, and ha1</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">RPM package for Amazon EC2 servers</entry>
<entry colname="col2">eth0, eth1</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table></p>
<note>On SoftLayer virtual servers and Amazon EC2 instances, there are two available interfaces. For high availability (HA) environment configuration, use the interface that is configured with a private IP address for HA replication service, and use the interface that is configured or associated with a public IP address for HA discovery service. </note></section>
<section><title>On stand-alone hypervisors</title><p>The virtual NICs of <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"
/> are mapped to the virtual network adapters of the hypervisor. The virtual network adapters of the hypervisor are connected to different destination networks through virtual switches. For example, on a VMware hypervisor, you must connect the virtual Message Gateway NICs to the VMware vSwitches in accordance with your network requirements.</p><p>The following table shows the mapping between <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> virtual NICs and VMware virtual network adapters.<table>
<title>Mapping between <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> NICs and VMware network adapters</title>
<desc>
<p outputclass="summary">Mapping between <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> NICs and VMware network adapters</p>
<?Pub Caret -2?>
</desc>
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="col1"/>
<colspec colname="col2"/>
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry align="center" colname="col1"><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> network interface controller</entry>
<entry align="center" colname="col2">VMware hypervisor adapter name</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">eth0</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Network adapter 1</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">eth1</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Network adapter 2</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">ha0</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Network adapter 3</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">ha1</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Network adapter 4</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table></p><p>On a VMware ESX server, the order in which the virtual
NICs are mapped is not intuitive. For example, the interface eth0
might be mapped to Network adapter 4. To understand your mapping,
complete one of the following options to check the MAC address of
the NIC:<ul>
<li>If you are using the VMware vSphere client, click the network
adapter on the <wintitle>Hardware</wintitle> page of the virtual machine
property window to view the MAC address of the NIC.</li>
<li>If you are using <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> command line, enter the <cmdname>status ethernet-interface</cmdname> command on the command line. For example, to view the MAC address of the eth0 NIC enter <cmdname>status ethernet-interface eth0</cmdname>.</li>
</ul></p></section>
<section><title>On SoftLayer virtual server instance</title><p>On a SoftLayer virtual server instance (VSI), two network interfaces are available. These interface addresses are pre-defined. The virtual network interface controllers of <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"/> on SoftLayer virtual servers are automatically mapped to the virtual network adapters of SoftLayer VSI network adapters. The following network interface controllers are available on a VSI:<ul>
<li>eth0</li>
<li>eth1</li>
</ul></p></section>
<section><title>On SoftLayer bare metal instance</title><p>On a SoftLayer bare metal instance (BMI), two network interfaces are available. The network interface controllers of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>instance on the SoftLayer bare metal servers are mapped to the network adapters of the SoftLayer BMI network adapters. The following network interface controllers are available on BMI:<ul>
<li>eth0</li>
<li>eth1</li>
</ul></p></section>
<section>
<title>On Amazon EC2</title>
<p>On an Amazon EC2 instance, two network interfaces are available. These interface addresses are pre-configured. The virtual network interface controllers of <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"/>  on Amazon EC2 instances are automatically mapped to the Amazon EC2 network adapters. The following network interface controllers are available on an Amazon EC2 instance:<ul>
<li>eth0</li>
<li>eth1</li>
</ul></p>
</section>
</conbody>
<?tm 1413223986 15?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000006454?>
