<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="pl00020" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Connecting to an existing infrastructure</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>You can connect <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> by using <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph>. You can
connect <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"></ph> by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource adapter.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<section><title><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph></title><p>When
you connect <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph>, you must consider
how <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> can handle
the volume of messages that <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> might send to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph>. You have a choice
between using multiple queue managers to handle the messages, or preserving
the message order by using a single queue manager.</p><p>For more
information about <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph>,
see <xref format="dita" href="../Administering/ad00102_.dita"
scope="local" type="concept"></xref>.</p></section>
<section><title><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> resource
adapter</title><p>When you connect <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"/>, you must consider how your <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"/> can handle the volume of messages that <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> might send. You might therefore want to configure a <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"
/> cluster and enable concurrent MDB instances in order to support horizontal scaling. For more information about configuring the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> resource adapter in a cluster, see <xref
format="dita" href="../Administering/considerationsforclustering.dita" scope="peer" type="task"
>Configuring <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> resource adapter in a <tm
tmtype="reg" trademark="WebSphere"
>WebSphere</tm> Application Server cluster</xref>. For more information about scaling within a single <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"/>, see <xref format="dita"
href="../Administering/considerationsscalinginserver.dita" scope="peer" type="task">Configuring <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> resource adapter for scaling within a single <tm
tmtype="reg" trademark="WebSphere">WebSphere</tm> Application Server</xref>.</p><p>If the order in which your messages are received is important, your design must consider factors that can change this order. The order of messages is disrupted if your application explicitly receives a message other than the first by specifying message selectors. Parallel processing by using concurrent consumers and error or exception processing can also affect message order. For more information about preserving message order, see <xref
format="dita" href="../Administering/considerationsformsgorder.dita" scope="peer" type="task"
>Configuring <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> resource adapter to preserve message order</xref>. For more information about message order limitations, see <xref
format="dita" href="../Administering/ad00777.dita" scope="peer" type="concept"
>Message order limitations with the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> resource adapter</xref>.</p><p>If you configure <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> in a HA environment, you must consider whether you also want to set up your <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"
/> in a highly available environment. For more information about configuring the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> resource adapter for high availability, see <xref
format="dita" href="../Administering/considerationsHA.dita" scope="local" type="task"
>Configuring the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> resource adapter for high availability</xref>. For more information about setting up a high availability environment for <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"/>, see the <xref
href="http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSEQTP_8.5.5/as_ditamaps/was855_welcome_base_dist_iseries.html"
scope="external"><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="WebSphere"
>WebSphere</tm> Application Server documentation version 8.5</xref>.</p></section>
</conbody>
<?tm 1413223986 8?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000005018?>
