<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="pl00006" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Planning the installation of a physical appliance</title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>Before you install the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> physical appliance,
you must consider the hardware, cabling, and software requirements.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<section><title>Points to consider when planning the installation
of your <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> physical
appliance</title><p>When you plan your installation, you might want
to consider the following points: <ul>
<li>Consider where to install your appliance within the rack. Plan
the installation from the bottom of the rack cabinet. </li>
<li>Consider the size of the appliance. The <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> appliance is
2U form factor. Therefore, consider the amount of rack space that
you need and the number of people that are required to install <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>. </li>
<li>Consider the number of sockets that you need. Two power sockets
are required for each <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> appliance.</li>
<li>Consider the number of power units that you need. </li>
<li>Consider the following cabling requirements: <ul>
<li>You must allow space for the cable arm.</li>
<li>Cables must be bundled with hook-and-loop fastener strap for full
movement of the cable management arm.</li>
<li>Allow slack in all cables to avoid tension in the cables as the
cable management arm moves.</li>
<li>If you are configuring an HA pair of <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> appliances, you
must ensure that the appliances are close to one another so that the
high speed networking cable that connects the appliances can be fitted.</li>
<li><tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Power">Power</tm> cords
and other cables are attached to the rear of the appliance, including
keyboard, monitor, and mouse cables if required.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Consider the design of your power and ethernet array.</li>
<li>Consider how you want to use the ports. <ul>
<li>There are 8 x 1 GbE copper ethernet ports available. Two of the
ports (mgt0 and mgt1) can be used only for management traffic, for
example web UI or SSH traffic. The other six ports (eth0-eth5) can
be used for messaging traffic.</li>
<li>There are 4 x 40 GbE QSFP ports available. The <codeph>ha0</codeph> and <codeph>ha1</codeph> ports
are used for high availability. The other two ports (<codeph>eth6</codeph> and <codeph>eth7</codeph>)
are used for messaging traffic. Ports <codeph>eth6</codeph> and <codeph>eth7</codeph> can
be used with the Mellanox QSA adapter that is provided. You might
want to use the adapter so that you can use the 40 GbE ports with
10 GbE networks.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Consider the components that you need to provide. You need to
provide the following hardware and cables: <ul>
<li>Two ethernet cables</li>
<li>A USB keyboard</li>
<li>A monitor with a VGA cable</li>
<li>A PC connected to the same network as the management port of the
appliance</li>
</ul></li>
</ul></p><p>You can configure <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Integrated
Management Module II (IMM) to monitor hardware status. For information
about IMM, see the <xref
href="http://ibm.com/support/entry/portal/docdisplay?lndocid=MIGR-5086346"
scope="external"><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Integrated
Management Module II User's Guide</xref>.</p><p>For information about
the contents of the appliance shipment box, see <xref format="dita"
href="appliancehardwareinformation.dita" scope="local" type="concept"></xref>.</p></section>
</conbody>
<?tm 1413223985 3?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000003946?>
