<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="pl00002_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Capacity planning</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> can store messages to assure
  delivery to clients and devices that might not be connected. The amount of storage is limited, and
  if it fills, the server rejects new messages.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> is designed
to deliver large amounts of data that flows quickly through the server.
When clients are disconnected, the server buffers the messages and
delivers them when the clients reconnect. The server keeps only a
single copy of each message, regardless of how many clients there
are to receive the message. Therefore, even when data does not flow
quickly through the server, <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> can handle significant
workloads.</p>
<p>When large numbers of messages are buffered on the server, <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> ensures that
enough memory remains available to continue delivering the buffered
messages. If the memory usage goes above a certain threshold, <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> starts to reject
requests to prevent the memory from becoming full. The memory usage
threshold varies depending on the type of request. For example, the
threshold for accepting new messages is lower than the threshold to
create a subscription. This difference is so that it remains possible
to receive messages even when the server is close to capacity. After
the memory usage falls below the threshold, the server starts accepting
requests again.</p>
<p><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> uses a
combination of persistent memory and disks to store persistent data
for recovery. The disk capacity is much larger than the memory, and
in most situations the disks have plenty of unused capacity. However,
if the data on the disk is written sparsely, it is possible for the
disks to fill. If the disk fills completely, the server stops immediately
and can be started only in maintenance mode. In this situation, you
must contact <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> support for
assistance.</p>
<p>Consider the following requirements:<ul>
<li>The maximum number of concurrently connected devices per GB of memory that is allocated to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> is 4 K.</li>
<li>The store partition must be at least four times the size of the memory allocated to the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server. For example, on a <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> container or host with 32 GB of memory, the store disk must be at least 128 GB. If the amount of memory is a fractional value, you must round the value up to the next integer before multiplying by 4. For example, if the amount of memory is 7.5 GB, then 32 GB of disk space is required.</li>
<li>If you are using <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/>, you must have a minimum of 16 GB of memory and 4 CPUs. </li>
</ul></p>
<p>System administrators can use the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> or <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPIs"
/> to track the memory and disk usage of <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/>. For more information, see <xref format="dita" href="../Monitoring/admin00028.dita" scope="local"
type="concept"/>.</p>
<p>Consider the message throughput, reliability, and typical client
availability of your solution, and customize your approach to avoid
situations where messages are rejected.</p>
</conbody>
<?tm 1413223986 1?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000003018?>
