<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="pl" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Planning the installation of <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> on a host
  OS </title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. Use Edit > Un Comment to have the tags made live.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>To configure an <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> environment, the
  host system or the hypervisor must meet specific hardware and resource requirements.</shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<conbody>
<section><title>Supported Environments</title><p>The following table summarizes the environments that are supported for <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>:<table>
     <title>Supported environments for <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
     </title>
     <desc>
      <p outputclass="summary">Supported environments for <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
      </p>
     </desc>
     <tgroup cols="3">
      <colspec colname="col1"/>
      <colspec colname="col2"/>
      <colspec colname="col3"/>
      <thead>
       <row valign="bottom">
        <entry colname="col1">Vendor</entry>
        <entry colname="col2">Product</entry>
        <entry colname="col3">License types</entry>
       </row>
      </thead>
      <tbody>
       <row>
        <entry colname="col1">VMware</entry>
        <entry colname="col2">Player 5</entry>
        <entry colname="col3">Developers</entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry colname="col1">VMware</entry>
        <entry colname="col2">Workstation 8</entry>
        <entry colname="col3">Developers</entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry colname="col1">VMware</entry>
        <entry colname="col2">ESXi hypervisor 5.5</entry>
        <entry colname="col3">Developers, Non-Production, and Production</entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry colname="col1">Citrix/Xenserver</entry>
        <entry colname="col2">XenServer 6.2</entry>
        <entry colname="col3">Developers </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry colname="col1">SoftLayer</entry>
        <entry colname="col2">Virtual Server</entry>
        <entry colname="col3">Developers and Non-Production</entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry colname="col1">SoftLayer</entry>
        <entry colname="col2">Bare Metal</entry>
        <entry colname="col3">Non-Production and Production</entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry colname="col1">Oracle</entry>
        <entry colname="col2">VirtualBox</entry>
        <entry colname="col3">Developers</entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry colname="col1">Amazon</entry>
        <entry colname="col2">EC2</entry>
        <entry colname="col3">Developers, Non-Production, and Production</entry>
       </row>
      </tbody>
     </tgroup>
    </table></p></section>
<section><title>Hardware requirements for stand-alone hypervisors</title><p>The host machine that is running the hypervisor must meet the requirements of the <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> that you are planning to use.</p><p>For the supported hypervisor versions,
the following general hardware requirements apply:<ul>
<li>64-bit x86 CPU</li>
<li>Dual processor multi-core server with minimum 2.0 GHz or faster
core speed</li>
<li>One of the following processors that supports 64-bit guests:<ul>
<li>An AMD CPU with segment-limit support in long mode</li>
<li>An <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Intel">Intel</tm> CPU with VT-x
support - including BIOS support </li>
</ul></li>
</ul></p><p>For specific requirements about the hypervisor version
that you are planning to use, see the hypervisor vendor documentation.</p></section>
<section><title>Resource requirements</title><p>The hypervisor must meet the minimum resource requirements - including CPU, memory, and disk
    space - for deploying <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>. <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> deployment configurations are:<ul>
     <li>Small</li>
     <li>Large</li>
    </ul>You can use the following tables to understand the minimum resource requirements for each
    of these predefined deployment configurations on stand-alone hypervisors, SoftLayer virtual
    servers, and SoftLayer bare metal servers.</p></section>
<section><title>Resource requirements on stand-alone hypervisors</title><p>The following table lists the minimum virtual processor (vCPU) count, RAM, and disk space that is
    required for deploying <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> for each predefined
    deployment configuration.<table>
     <title>Resource requirements for stand-alone hypervisors</title>
     <desc>
      <p outputclass="summary">Resource requirements for stand-alone hypervisors</p>
     </desc>
     <tgroup cols="5">
      <colspec colname="col1"/>
      <colspec colname="col2"/>
      <colspec colname="col3"/>
      <colspec colname="col4"/>
      <colspec colname="col5"/>
      <thead>
       <row valign="bottom">
        <entry align="center" colname="col1">Deployment configuration</entry>
        <entry align="center" colname="col2">Processor count</entry>
        <entry align="center" colname="col3">RAM (GB)</entry>
        <entry align="center" colname="col4">Disk 1 space (GB)</entry>
        <entry align="center" colname="col5">Disk 2 space (GB)</entry>
       </row>
      </thead>
      <tbody>
       <row>
        <entry colname="col1">Small</entry>
        <entry colname="col2">4</entry>
        <entry colname="col3">16</entry>
        <entry colname="col4">4</entry>
        <entry colname="col5">64</entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry colname="col1">Large</entry>
        <entry colname="col2">16</entry>
        <entry colname="col3">64</entry>
        <entry colname="col4">4</entry>
        <entry colname="col5">256</entry>
       </row>
      </tbody>
     </tgroup>
    </table></p><p>When you deploy your virtual image, you choose amount
of CPU and RAM that you want. If the available disk space is insufficient,
a warning is displayed. You can then choose to resize the amount of
available disk space during the deployment by using the vendor-specific
deployment tools. </p><p>You can change the number of virtual processors,
RAM size, and disk 2 size after you deploy the virtual appliance.
Disk 2 is used to store log files and message persistence. If you
change the size of disk 2, you might lose log files and persisted
messages.</p><p>Ensure that you select the <uicontrol>Reserve all
guest memory (All locked)</uicontrol> check box to avoid memory ballooning
by VMware ESXi. Memory ballooning is a memory management technique
used by VMware ESXi and can lead to unused memory in <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> being reserved
for VMware ESXi. For more information about memory ballooning, see
the <xref
href="http://www.vmware.com/files/pdf/perf-vsphere-memory_management.pdf"
scope="external">Understanding Memory Resource Management in VMware
ESX Server</xref> document.</p><?Pub Caret 257?><p>For a Developers
license type, verify that the following resource requirements are
met:<ul>
<li>Number of virtual processors: 2</li>
<li>RAM size: 4 GB</li>
<li>Disk 1 size: 4 GB</li>
<li>Disk 2 size: 4 GB</li>
</ul></p></section>
<section><title>Resource requirements on SoftLayer virtual servers</title><p>The following table lists the minimum virtual processor (vCPU) count, RAM, and disk space that is
    required for deploying <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> on a SoftLayer
    virtual server for a non-production deployment configuration.<table>
     <title>Resource requirements for SoftLayer virtual servers</title>
     <desc>
      <p outputclass="summary">Resource requirements for SoftLayer virtual servers</p>
     </desc>
     <tgroup cols="5">
      <colspec colname="col1"/>
      <colspec colname="col2"/>
      <colspec colname="col3"/>
      <colspec colname="col4"/>
      <colspec colname="col5"/>
      <thead>
       <row valign="bottom">
        <entry align="center" colname="col1">Deployment configuration</entry>
        <entry align="center" colname="col2">Processor count</entry>
        <entry align="center" colname="col3">RAM (GB)</entry>
        <entry align="center" colname="col4">Disk 1 space (GB)</entry>
        <entry align="center" colname="col5">Disk 2 space (GB)</entry>
       </row>
      </thead>
      <tbody>
       <row>
        <entry colname="col1">Small</entry>
        <entry colname="col2">4</entry>
        <entry colname="col3">16</entry>
        <entry colname="col4">4</entry>
        <entry colname="col5">64</entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry colname="col1">Large</entry>
        <entry colname="col2">16</entry>
        <entry colname="col3">64</entry>
        <entry colname="col4">4</entry>
        <entry colname="col5">256</entry>
       </row>
      </tbody>
     </tgroup>
    </table></p><p>You can change the number of virtual processors, RAM
size, and disk 2 size after you deploy the virtual appliance. Disk
2 is used to store log files and message persistence. If you change
the size of disk 2, you might lose log files and persisted messages. </p><p>For
a Developers license type, verify that the following resource requirements
are met:<ul>
<li>Number of virtual processors: 2</li>
<li>RAM size: 4 GB</li>
<li>Disk 1 size: 25 GB</li>
</ul></p></section>
<section><title>Resource requirements on SoftLayer bare metal servers</title><p>The following table lists the minimum core count, RAM, and disk space that is required for deploying <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMvirtual"/> on SoftLayer bare metal servers for non-production and production deployment configurations.<table>
<title>Resource requirements for SoftLayer bare metal servers</title>
<desc>
<p outputclass="summary">Resource requirements for SoftLayer bare metal servers</p>
</desc>
<tgroup cols="4">
<colspec colname="col1"/>
<colspec colname="col2"/>
<colspec colname="col3"/>
<colspec colname="col4"/>
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry align="center" colname="col1">Deployment configuration</entry>
<entry align="center" colname="col2">Processor count</entry>
<entry align="center" colname="col3">RAM (GB)</entry>
<entry align="center" colname="col4">Disk space (GB)</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">Small</entry>
<entry colname="col2">4</entry>
<entry colname="col3">16</entry>
<entry colname="col4">500</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">Large</entry>
<entry colname="col2">16</entry>
<entry colname="col3">64</entry>
<entry colname="col4">500</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table></p><p>You can change the number of virtual processors, and RAM size after you deploy <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>. </p></section>
<section>
<title>Resource requirements on Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2)</title>
<p>The following table lists the minimum instance configurations required for deploying <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> on Amazon EC2 for a non-production and
    production deployment configurations. After you launch an Amazon EC2 instance, select Red Hat
    Enterprise Linux 6.5_GA as the Amazon Machine Image (AMI). <table id="table_gm2_cmw_5r">
     <title>Resource requirements for Amazon EC2</title>
     <desc>
      <p outputclass="summary">Resource requirements for Amazon EC2</p>
     </desc>
     <tgroup cols="5">
      <colspec colname="col1"/>
      <colspec colname="col2"/>
      <colspec colname="col3"/>
      <colspec colname="col4"/>
      <colspec colname="col5"/>
      <thead>
       <row valign="bottom">
        <entry align="center" colname="col1">Deployment configuration</entry>
        <entry align="center" colname="col2">AMI</entry>
        <entry align="center" colname="col3">Instance type</entry>
        <entry align="center" colname="col4">Disk 1 space (GB)</entry>
        <entry align="center" colname="col5">Disk 2 space (GB)</entry>
       </row>
      </thead>
      <tbody>
       <row>
        <entry colname="col1">Small</entry>
        <entry colname="col2">Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6.5_GA</entry>
        <entry colname="col3">m3.xlarge</entry>
        <entry colname="col4">25</entry>
        <entry colname="col5">64</entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry colname="col1">Large</entry>
        <entry colname="col2">Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6.5_GA</entry>
        <entry colname="col3">c3.8xlarge</entry>
        <entry colname="col4">25<sup><xref format="dita"
           href="pl00040.dita#pl00040./c38xlargedefault" scope="local" type="li"
         >1</xref></sup></entry>
        <entry colname="col5">256</entry>
       </row>
      </tbody>
     </tgroup>
    </table><note>
     <ol>
      <li id="c38xlargedefault">If the default value for disk 1 space on your Amazon EC2 instance is
       greater than 25 GB, continue to use this default value. </li>
     </ol>
    </note></p>
<p>You can change the number of virtual processors and RAM size after you deploy <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> by changing the instance type. You can also
    change the disk 2 size by replacing your current disk 2 with a new disk. Disk 2 is used to store
    log files and message persistence. If you change the size of disk 2, you will lose log files and
    you might lose persisted messages. </p>
<p>For a Developers license type, verify that the following resource requirements are met:<ul>
<li>AMI: Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6.5_GA</li>
<li>Instance type: m3.large</li>
<li>RAM size: 4 GB</li>
<li>Disk 1 size: 25 GB</li>
<li>Disk 2 size: 32 GB</li>
</ul></p>
</section>
</conbody>
<?tm 1413223986 12?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000011188?>
