<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="va10000" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Planning the installation of a virtual appliance on virtualization
software</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. Use Edit > Un Comment to have the tags made live.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc></shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<conbody>
<p><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Virtualization software compatibility</dt>
<dd>The <ph conref = "../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> virtual appliance is compatible with the
following virtualization software:<ul>
<li>Oracle VirtualBox 4 or later</li>
<li>VMware Fusion 5 or later</li>
<li>VMware Player 5</li>
<li>VMware Workstation 8</li>
<li>VMware ESX/ESXi 4 or later</li>
</ul></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Minimum system requirements</dt>
<dd>For development environments, the host system must have these
minimum system requirements:<ul>
<li>A 2-core 64-bit processor with VT-x/AMD-V support</li>
<li>4 GB RAM must be available for the virtual appliance</li>
<li>16 GB of available space on a hard disk. 64 GB is provisioned
by default.</li>
</ul></dd>
<dd>For production environments, the host system must have these minimum
system requirements:<ul>
<li>A 4-core 64-bit processor with VT-x/AMD-V support</li>
<li>16 GB RAM must be available for the virtual appliance</li>
<li>16 GB of available space on a hard disk. 64 GB is provisioned
by default.</li>
</ul></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Supported browsers</dt>
<dd>To use the <ph conref = "../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> virtual appliance, you need access
to one of the supported browsers. For more information about the supported
browsers, see <xref format="dita" href="../Administering/ad00199_.dita"
scope="peer" type="concept">Supported web browsers by platform</xref>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Restrictions</dt>
<dd>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> virtual
appliance has the following restrictions:<ul>
<li>Does not support as many simultaneous connections as the physical
<ph conref = "../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> appliance. There is a maximum limit of 4 K concurrently
connected devices per GB of memory.</li>
<li>Does not support the same message rate as the physical <ph conref = "../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
appliance. </li>
<li>After the <ph conref = "../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> virtual appliance is started in the
virtualization software, the image cannot be cloned. However, if the
virtualization software supports the ability to keep the UUID when
you move the virtual machine, the virtual machine can be moved. For
more information, see the documentation for your virtualization software.</li>
<li>Running <ph conref = "../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> for development with 2 GB of RAM restricts
the system to only basic loads. Running <ph conref = "../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> for development
with 3 GB of RAM enables the system to handle larger loads. However,
some memory intensive functions, such as firmware upgrades, do not
work. Running <ph conref = "../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> for development with 4 GB of RAM enables
the system to handle most development-level workloads.</li>
<li>The non-CCI virtual appliance has four virtual network interfaces
configured. These interfaces are for data, HA discovery, HA replication,
and management.<note>Both network adapters are configured for bridged
networking. The adapters have access to the same networks as the real
adapters on the host system. If your host system is not connected
to an external network, you can change one of the virtual image network
adapters to be host-only. You can then use DHCP for that adapter,
or select a fixed IP address in the same subnet as the address of
the host-only network adapter. For more information about how to configure
host-only networking, see the documentation for your virtualization
software.</note></li><?Pub Caret 153?>
</ul></dd>
</dlentry></dl></p>
<p> </p>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000004337?>
