<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="cmd_set_plugindebugport" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Set the port number of the JVM remote debugger of the plug-in server </title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc/>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<refbody>
<section>
<title>Purpose</title>
<p>Sets the port number of the JVM remote debugger of the plug-in server.</p>
</section>
<section>
<title>URI</title>
<p>Use the <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> REST API POST method with the following <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> configuration URI:</p>
<p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/</codeph></p>
</section>
<section><title>Object configuration data</title><p>Provide PluginDebugPort object configuration data in the payload of the POST method by using the following schema. <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to <userinput>application/json</userinput>: </p><codeblock>
{    
  "PluginDebugPort": integer
}</codeblock>Where:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>PluginDebugPort</dt>
<dd>Specifies the port number of the JVM remote debugger of the plug-in server. The value must be the same as the port number that Eclipse is using for remote debugging.</dd>
<dd>Specify a value in the range 0 - 65535.</dd>
<dd>The default value is 0 which means that no port number is specified.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl></section>
<section>
<title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title>
<ul>
<li>Capitalization and double quotation marks must be used as shown.</li>
<li>Specify a valid IP address if the debug plug-in server is running in Eclipse.</li>
<li>Specify a valid port number if the debug plug-in server is running on your <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server.</li>
<li>If the debug plug-in server is running on Eclipse, ensure that a value is not set for <parmname>PluginDebugPort</parmname> by specifying a null value or a value of 0.</li>
<li>You must restart the protocol plug-in server for the update to take effect.</li>
</ul>
</section>
<section>
<title>Related <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/></title>
<ul>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_restart_plugin.dita" scope="local" type="reference"/></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_show_plugindebugport.dita" scope="local" type="reference"/></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_set_plugindebugserver.dita" scope="local" type="reference"/></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_show_plugindebugserver.dita" scope="local" type="reference"/></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_set_pluginmaxheapsize.dita" scope="local" type="reference"/></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_show_pluginmaxheapsize.dita" scope="local" type="reference"/></li>
</ul>
</section>
<section><title>Example</title>Sets a value for the port number of the JVM remote debugger of the plug-in server by using cURL:<codeblock>  
curl -X POST \
   -H 'Content-Type: application/json'  \
   -d  '{ 
           "PluginDebugPort": 8000
        }
 '  \
http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/configuration/</codeblock><p>An example response to the POST method:<codeblock>
{        
  "Version": "v1",
  "Code": "CWLNA6011",
  "Message": "The requested configuration change has completed successfully."
}
</codeblock></p></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
