<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic id="becomeasitecontributor" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Information center tour</title>
<shortdesc>Share your opinions and contribute to the <ph
conref="TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> documentation in
the information center! It is easy to become a site contributor. Simply
log in with your <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm>.com ID.</shortdesc>
<body>
<p>If you do not sign in, you can still:</p>
<ul>
<li><xref format="dita"
href="ism_informationcentertour.dita#becomeasitecontributor/view"
scope="local" type="section">View comments that others have made</xref></li>
<li><xref format="dita"
href="ism_informationcentertour.dita#becomeasitecontributor/search"
scope="local" type="section">Search within the comments</xref></li>
</ul><?Pub Caret -1?>
<p>Becoming a site contributor means that you can also:  </p>
<ul>
<li><xref format="dita"
href="ism_informationcentertour.dita#becomeasitecontributor/rate"
scope="local" type="section">Rate topics </xref></li>
<li><xref format="dita"
href="ism_informationcentertour.dita#becomeasitecontributor/comment"
scope="local" type="section">Comment on an entire topic or selected
text within the topic </xref></li>
<li><xref format="dita"
href="ism_informationcentertour.dita#becomeasitecontributor/reply"
scope="local" type="section">Reply to comments </xref></li>
<li><xref format="dita"
href="ism_informationcentertour.dita#becomeasitecontributor/delete"
scope="local" type="section">Delete your comments </xref></li>
<li><xref format="dita"
href="ism_informationcentertour.dita#becomeasitecontributor/subscribe"
scope="local" type="section">Subscribe to pages or the entire site,
to be notified of new comments</xref></li>
</ul>
<section><title>Watch the demonstrations</title><ul>
<li><xref href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GaqLVN9nBkY"
scope="external">Creating an <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm>.com
ID</xref> (1 minute 36 seconds)</li>
<li><xref href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GaqLVN9nBkY"
scope="external">Signing into a collaborative information center</xref> (58
seconds)</li>
<li><xref href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZkXGipjuyMY"
scope="external">Posting public comments on documentation pages</xref> (1
minute 26 seconds)</li>
<li><xref href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KNDI6WGGFUo"
scope="external">Rating, subscribing to, and watching pages</xref> (1
minute 31 seconds)</li>
<li><xref href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TpEunoUs3UU"
scope="external">Printing several pages at one time (no sign-in required) </xref>(1
minute 20 seconds)</li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Logging in</title><p>You must log in with an <tm
tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> ID to add comments, reply to
comments, and rate and watch topics. Click the <uicontrol>Sign in</uicontrol> link.
 </p><p>Your display name appears with any comments that you make.
To change your display name, click <menucascade><uicontrol>Tools</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Preferences</uicontrol></menucascade>. Click the <uicontrol>My
Profile</uicontrol> tab and click the <uicontrol>Change it</uicontrol> button.</p></section>
<section id="view"><title>View comments that others have made</title><p>In
any topic that contains comments, you can expand or collapse the comment
pane by clicking the toolbar of the comment pane.  </p><p>You can
see comments that others have made on any topic in the information
center, in two ways:  </p><ul>
<li>In the topic itself, click the expand button or the collapse button
in the comment pane to expand or collapse comments on that topic. </li>
<li>View a list of all of the topics that contain comments.  Click
the <uicontrol>Collaboration</uicontrol> view of the navigation pane,
then click the <uicontrol>Show the hottest topics</uicontrol> icon
at the top of the pane.</li>
</ul><p>To view comments by person, select the display name on a comment
in the comment frame. You can see all comments made by that person
in the <uicontrol>Collaboration</uicontrol> view.  </p><p>To find
comments made in languages other than your browser's default language,
click <uicontrol>More</uicontrol> in the comment pane for options.
 </p><p>To see where a particular topic is located in the navigation
tree, open the topic and then click the <uicontrol>Show in table of
contents</uicontrol> icon above the topic pane.</p></section>
<section id="search"><title>Search within the comments</title><p>You
can search both the content and comments in the information center.
The search results include two parts: in the topics and in the comments.</p></section>
<section id="rate"><title>Rate topics</title><p>You can rate topics
based on your level of satisfaction by clicking a star at the top
of the topic pane. Ratings are based on a five-star scale.</p></section>
<section id="comment"><title>Comment on an entire topic or selected
text within the topic</title><p>There are three kinds of comments:</p><ul>
<li>Comments on the topic in general.</li>
<li>Comments on an element of the topic (for example, a heading or
sentence).</li>
<li>Comments on a section of content that you select.</li>
</ul><p>To add a comment:</p><ol>
<li>Select the topic in the navigation tree, an element in the topic,
or select a range of content within a topic on which to comment. </li>
<li>Click the <uicontrol>Comment on Topic</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>Comment
on Element</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>Comment on Selection</uicontrol> button
in the comment pane, then add your comments in the pop-up window.</li>
</ol></section>
<section id="reply"><title>Reply to comments</title><p>To reply to
an existing comment, click the <uicontrol>Reply</uicontrol> link under
the comment in the comment pane, and add your response to the comment
in the pop-up window.</p></section>
<section id="delete"><title>Delete your comments</title><p>You can
delete the comments that you added before authors or other reviewers
reply to them. Click the <uicontrol>Delete</uicontrol> link below
the comment.</p></section>
<section id="subscribe"><title>Subscribe to pages or the entire site,
to be notified of new comments</title><p>You can watch specific topics
to get email notification of any comments to them. Click the <uicontrol>Watch
this Page</uicontrol> link in the upper right corner of the topic
pane.  </p><p>To stop watching topics, use one of the following methods: </p><ul>
<li>Open the topic and click the <uicontrol>Stop Watching</uicontrol> link
at the top of the topic pane. </li>
<li>Configure the list of pages you are watching. In the comments
toolbar, click <menucascade><uicontrol>Tools</uicontrol><uicontrol>Preferences</uicontrol>
</menucascade>. Then click the <uicontrol>My Watches</uicontrol> tab
and deselect the pages that you no longer want to watch. </li>
</ul></section>
</body>
<?tm 1320441413 4?>
</topic>
<?Pub *0000007019?>
