<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="cmd_imaserver_show_dmr" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Show configuration details of a destination mapping rule</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle> show DestinationMappingRule</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>show DestinationMappingRule</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Shows the configuration details of
a specified destination mapping rule.</section>
<section>
   <title>URI</title>
   <p>To view configuration information about all destination mapping rules, use the <ph
     conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API GET method with the following <ph
     conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> configuration URI:</p>
   <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/DestinationMappingRule</codeph></p>
  </section>
<section><title>Object configuration data</title>
   <p>To view configuration information about a specific destination mapping rule, use the <ph
     conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API GET method with the following <ph
     conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> configuration URI:</p>
   <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/DestinationMappingRule/&lt;NameOfDestinationMappingRule></codeph></p><dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>NameOfDestinationMappingRule</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the destination mapping rule that you want
to view the configuration details of.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
<section><title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title><ul>
<li>The command must be capitalized as shown.</li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Example</title>Shows the details of the destination mapping rule
    <codeph>exampleDestinationMappingRule</codeph>:<p>The following example shows a GET method to
    display configuration details of a destination mapping rule called "MyDestinationMappingRule" by
    using cURL: </p>
   <?Pub Caret -1?>
   <codeblock> curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/configuration/DestinationMappingRule/MyDestinationMappingRule           
         
    </codeblock>
   <p>The following example shows a successful example response to the GET method that was used to
    display configuration details of a destination mapping rule called "MyDestinationMappingRule"
    :</p>
   <codeblock>
{    
  "DestinationMappingRule": {
    "MyDestinationMappingRule": {
      "QueueManagerConnection": "exampleQMC",
      "RuleType": 1,
      "Source": "/ISMRoot/Level1",
      "Destination": "Queue1",
      "MaxMessages": 6000,
      "Enabled": True,
      "RetainedMessages": True           
     }
   }
}</codeblock>Where:<ul>
    <li>
     <dl>
      <dlentry>
       <dt><varname>NameOfDestinationMappingRule</varname></dt>
       <dd>Specifies the name of the destination mapping rule.</dd>
      </dlentry>
     </dl>
    </li>
    <li>
     <dl>
      <dlentry>
       <dt>QueueManagerConnection</dt>
       <dd>Specifies the name of one or more queue manager connections. The queue manager
        connections identify which queue managers the rule maps to. If there is more than one queue
        manager connection a comma-separated list is displayed.</dd>
      </dlentry>
     </dl>
    </li>
    <li>
     <dl>
      <dlentry>
       <dt>Enabled=true|false</dt>
       <dd>Specifies whether the rule is enabled (true) or disabled (false).</dd>
      </dlentry>
     </dl>
    </li>
    <li>
     <dl>
      <dlentry>
       <dt>RuleType</dt>
       <dd>Specifies the rule type that you want to use. For more information about the values that
        you can use, see <xref href="../../Administering/ad00110_.dita"/>.</dd>
      </dlentry>
     </dl>
    </li>
    <li>
     <dl>
      <dlentry>
       <dt>Source</dt>
       <dd>Specifies the source topic string or queue for the rule.</dd>
      </dlentry>
     </dl>
    </li>
    <li>
     <dl>
      <dlentry>
       <dt>Destination</dt>
       <dd>Specifies the destination topic string or queue for the rule.</dd>
      </dlentry>
     </dl>
    </li>
    <li>
     <dl>
      <dlentry>
       <dt>MaxMessages</dt>
       <dd>Specifies the maximum number of messages that can be buffered for the destination mapping
        rule. </dd>
       <dd>This option is valid only for destination mapping rules from <ph
         conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topics to <ph
         conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/>. That is, rule types 1, 2, 5, 6, and
        7.</dd>
      </dlentry>
     </dl>
    </li>
    <li>
     <dl>
      <dlentry>
       <dt>RetainedMessages</dt>
       <dd>Specifies which messages are forwarded as to a topic as retained messages.</dd>
       <dd>This parameter overrides the retained message setting of the original message
        publisher.</dd>
       <dd>This option is only valid for destination mapping rules that forward messages to a topic
        or topic subtree.</dd>
       <dd>This value can be one of the following values:<ul>
         <li>
          <dl>
           <dlentry>
            <dt>All</dt>
            <dd>All messages are forwarded to the topic as retained messages.</dd>
           </dlentry>
          </dl>
         </li>
         <li>
          <dl>
           <dlentry>
            <dt>None</dt>
            <dd>No messages are forwarded to the topic as retained messages.</dd>
           </dlentry>
          </dl>
         </li>
        </ul></dd>
      </dlentry>
     </dl>
    </li>
   </ul><?Pub Caret -1?></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224032 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000002791?>
