<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="cmd_imaserver_update_dmr" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaserver"></ph> update
DestinationMappingRule</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>imaserver update DestinationMappingRule</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>update DestinationMappingRule</indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Updates a destination mapping rule.
A destination mapping rule maps an <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> topic or queue
to a <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> topic
or queue.</section>
<section><title>Syntax</title><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>update
DestinationMappingRule "Name=</cmdname><varname>dmrName</varname><cmdname>"</cmdname><cmdname> [
"QueueManagerConnection=</cmdname><varname>QMCname</varname><cmdname>"
]</cmdname><cmdname> [ "RuleType=</cmdname><varname>RuleNumber</varname><cmdname>"
]</cmdname><cmdname> [ "Source=</cmdname><varname>SourceString</varname><cmdname>"
]</cmdname><cmdname> [ "Destination=</cmdname><varname>DestinationString</varname><cmdname>"
]</cmdname><cmdname> [ "MaxMessages=</cmdname><varname>MsgCount</varname><cmdname>"
]</cmdname><cmdname> [ "RetainedMessages=</cmdname><varname>Retained</varname><cmdname>"
]</cmdname><cmdname> [ "Enabled=True|False" ]</cmdname></section>
<section><title>Parameters</title><dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>dmrName</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the destination mapping rule that you want
to edit.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>QMCname</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of one or more queue manager connections. The
queue manager connections identify which queue managers the rule maps
to. You can specify more than one queue manager connection by using
a comma-separated list.</dd>
<dd>To preserve the order of the messages, you must use only one queue
manager connection for each destination mapping rule. </dd>
<dd>If you create multiple destination mapping rules with the same
destination, but which use different queue manager connections, the
message order is not preserved.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>RuleNumber</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the rule type that you want to use.</dd>
<dd>The rule type can be any of the values that are detailed in the
following table:<table
conref="../../Administering/ad00110_.dita#ad00110_/ruleTypes"><title></title>
<desc><p outputclass="summary"></p></desc>
<tgroup cols="2"><colspec colname="col1"/><colspec colname="col2"/>
<thead>
<row valign="bottom">
<entry colname="col1">Header</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Header</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"></entry>
<entry colname="col2"></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>SourceString</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the source topic string or queue for the rule.</dd>
<dd>The source that is specified must follow the naming rules for
the source type.</dd>
<dd>For <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> queues,
the value can contain characters in the ranges a-z, A-Z, and 0-9,
and any of the following characters:<codeph>% . /  _</codeph></dd>
<dd>For <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>,
the value must not have leading or trailing spaces and cannot contain
control characters, commas, double quotation marks, backslashes or
equal signs. The first character must not be a number, quotation mark,
or any of the following special characters: <codeph>! # $ % &amp;
( ) * + , - . / : ; &lt; = > ? @"</codeph></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>DestinationString</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the destination topic string or queue for the rule.</dd>
<dd>The destination that is specified must follow the naming rules
for the destination type.</dd>
<dd>For <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> queues,
the value can contain characters in the ranges a-z, A-Z, and 0-9,
and any of the following characters:<codeph>% . /  _</codeph></dd>
<dd>For <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>,
the value must not have leading or trailing spaces and cannot contain
control characters, commas, double quotation marks, backslashes or
equal signs. The first character must not be a number, quotation mark,
or any of the following special characters: <codeph>! # $ % &amp;
( ) * + , - . / : ; &lt; = > ? @"</codeph></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>MsgCount</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the maximum number of messages that can be buffered
for the destination mapping rule. </dd>
<dd>This option is valid only for destination mapping rules from <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> topics to <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph>. That is,
rule types 1, 2, 5, 6, and 7.</dd>
<dd>The value must be in the range 1-20000000.</dd>
<dd>The default value is 5000. </dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>Retained</varname></dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies which messages are forwarded as to a topic as retained
messages.</dd>
<dd>This parameter overrides the retained message setting of the original
message publisher.</dd>
<dd>This option is only valid for destination mapping rules that forward
messages to a topic or topic subtree.</dd>
<dd>This value can be one of the following values:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>All</dt>
<dd>All messages are forwarded to the topic as retained messages.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>None</dt>
<dd>No messages are forwarded to the topic as retained messages.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul>The default value is None.</dd>
<dd><note>If you change this value to <codeph>None</codeph> while
the destination mapping rule is enabled, messages continue to flow.
Therefore, it is not possible to know which message is the last message
that is retained.</note></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Enabled=True|False</dt>
<dd>Specifies whether the rule is enabled (True) or disabled (False).</dd>
<dd>The default value is True.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
<section><title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title><ul>
<li>The command must be capitalized as shown.</li>
<li>The command must use the double quotation marks as shown.</li>
<li>You can update <parmname>MaxMessages</parmname> and <parmname>RetainedMessages</parmname> while
the rule is enabled. For all other parameters, the destination mapping
rule must be disabled before you can make an update. Disable the rule
by specifying the <codeph>"Enabled=False"</codeph> flag. After the
rule is edited, you must re-enable the rule to use it.</li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Related Commands</title><ul>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_create_update_qmc.dita" scope="local" type="reference"/></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_imaserver_create_dmr.dita"
scope="local" type="reference"></xref></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_imaserver_list_dmr.dita" scope="local"
type="reference"></xref></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_imaserver_show_dmr.dita" scope="local"
type="reference"></xref></li>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_imaserver_delete_dmr.dita"
scope="local" type="reference"></xref></li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Example</title>Updates a destination mapping rule
called <codeph>exampleRule</codeph>:<codeblock><ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> imaserver update DestinationMappingRule "Name=exampleRule" "MaxMessages=1000" "Enabled=False"
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
<ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph> imaserver update DestinationMappingRule "Name=exampleRule" "Enabled=True"
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
<ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"></ph></codeblock></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224032 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000008219?>
