<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="cmd_imaserver_apply_cert" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Create or update an MQ SSL Certificate</title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Create or update the MQ SSL certificate. Before the MQ SSL
certificate can be created, the <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"/> key
database file and stash password file must be copied to <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>. The <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"/> key database file and stash password file
are used to secure connections between <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> and
<ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>.</section>
<section>
<title>URI</title>
<p>Use the <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API POST method with the
following <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> configuration URI:</p>
<p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/</codeph></p>
</section>
<section><title>Object configuration data</title><p>Provide object configuration data in the payload
        of the POST method by using the following schema. <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set
        to <userinput>application/json</userinput>: </p><codeblock>
{    
  "MQCertificate": {"MQSSLKey":"string","MQStashPassword":"string", "Overwrite": true|false}
}</codeblock>Where:<dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><varname>MQSSLKey</varname></dt>
        <dd>Required if you are creating the MQ SSL certificate.</dd>
          <dd>Specifies the name of the key database file.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><varname>MQStashPassword</varname></dt>
        <dd>Required if you are creating the MQ SSL certificate.</dd>
          <dd>Specifies the name of the password stash file.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Overwrite: true|false</dt>
          <dd>Specifies whether an existing certificate and key are overwritten if they have the
            same name.</dd>
          <dd>The default value is false which means that an existing key database file and password
            stash file are not overwritten if they have the same name.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl></section>
<section><title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title><ul>
<li>You must copy the key database file and stash password file to the server before you can apply
          them to <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>. You can copy the files by
          using the <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API PUT method.</li>
<li>You can copy only one key database file and one stash password file. If you want to use another
          file, you must overwrite the existing file.</li>
<li>To use the new or updated MQ SSL certificate, restart the <ph
          conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"/> process.</li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Related Commands</title><ul>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_imaserver_restart_mqconn.dita" scope="local" type="reference"
/></li>
        <li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_show_mqsslcert.dita" scope="local" type="reference"/></li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Example</title>
      <p>Creates an MQ SSL certificate. The MQ key database file that is being used is called <filepath>MyMQSSLKeyfile_201603016.kdb</filepath>. The stash password file that is being used is called <filepath>MyMQStashPasswordFile_201603016.sth</filepath>. </p><codeblock>
curl -X POST \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json'  \
  -d '{
       "MQCertificate":{
         "MQSSLKey": "MyMQSSLKeyfile_201603016.kdb",
         "MQStashPassword": "MyMQStashPasswordFile_201603016.sth"
       }
     }
  ' \
http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/configuration</codeblock></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224031 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000003511?>
