<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="cmd_create_update_dmr" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Create or update a destination mapping rule</title>
<?Pub Caret -2?>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>DestinationMappingRule</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<keywords>
<indexterm>DestinationMappingRule</indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title>Creates or updates a destination mapping rule. A destination mapping
rule maps an <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topic or queue to a <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> topic or queue.</section>
<section>
<title>URI</title>
<p>Use the <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API POST method with the
following <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> configuration URI:</p>
<p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/configuration/</codeph></p>
</section>
<section>
<title>Object configuration data</title>
<p>Provide DestinationMappingRule object configuration data in the payload of the POST method by
using the following schema. <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to
<userinput>application/json</userinput>: </p>
<codeblock>
{    
  "DestinationMappingRule": {
    "&lt;NameOfDestinationMappingRule>": {
      "QueueManagerConnection": "string",
      "Enabled": true|false,
      "RuleType": integer,
      "Source": "string",
      "Destination": "string",
      "MaxMessages": integer,

      "RetainedMessages": All|None           
     }
   }
}</codeblock>
<p>Where</p>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt><varname>NameOfDestinationMappingRule</varname></dt>
<dd>Required.</dd>
<dd>Specifies a name for the destination mapping rule. After the destination mapping rule is
created, you cannot change this name.</dd>
<dd>The name must not have leading or trailing spaces and cannot contain control characters, commas,
double quotation marks, backslashes, or equals signs. The first character must not be a number or
any of the following special characters: </dd>
<dd><codeph>! # $ % &amp; ' ( ) * + - . / : ; &lt; > ? @</codeph></dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>QueueManagerConnection</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of one or more queue manager connections. The queue manager connections
identify which queue managers the rule maps to. You can specify more than one queue manager
connection by using a comma-separated list.</dd>
<dd>To preserve the order of the messages, you must use only one queue manager connection for each
destination mapping rule. </dd>
<dd>If you create multiple destination mapping rules with the same destination, but which use
different queue manager connections, the message order is not preserved.</dd>
<dd>To edit a queue manager connection, all destination mapping rules that use that queue manager
connection must be disabled. You do not need to restart the mqconnectivity process for any changes
that you make to take effect.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Enabled: true|false</dt>
<dd>Specifies whether the destination mapping rule is enabled (true) or disabled (false).</dd>
<dd>The default value is true.</dd>
<dd>To edit a destination mapping rule, the rule must first be disabled. Once all changes are
complete, the rule must be enabled for any changes to take effect. </dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>RuleType</dt>
<dd>Specifies the rule type that you want to use.</dd>
<dd>The rule type can be any of the values that are detailed in the table in the topic <xref
href="../../Administering/ad00110_.dita#ad00110_"/>.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Source</dt>
<dd>Specifies the source topic string or queue for the rule.</dd>
<dd>The source that is specified must follow the naming rules for the source type.</dd>
<dd>For <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> queues, the value can contain
characters in the ranges a-z, A-Z, and 0-9, and any of the following characters:<codeph>% . /
_</codeph></dd>
<dd>For <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>, the value must not have leading or
trailing spaces and cannot contain control characters, commas, double quotation marks, backslashes
or equal signs. The first character must not be a number, quotation mark, or any of the following
special characters: <codeph>! # $ % &amp; ( ) * + , - . / : ; &lt; = > ? @"</codeph></dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Destination</dt>
<dd>Specifies the destination topic string or queue for the rule.</dd>
<dd>The destination that is specified must follow the naming rules for the destination type.</dd>
<dd>For <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> queues, the value can contain
characters in the ranges a-z, A-Z, and 0-9, and any of the following characters:<codeph>% . /
_</codeph></dd>
<dd>For <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>, the value must not have leading or
trailing spaces and cannot contain control characters, commas, double quotation marks, backslashes
or equal signs. The first character must not be a number, quotation mark, or any of the following
special characters: <codeph>! # $ % &amp; ( ) * + , - . / : ; &lt; = > ? @"</codeph></dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>MaxMessages</dt>
<dd>Specifies the maximum number of messages that can be buffered for the destination mapping
rule.</dd>
<dd>This option is valid only for destination mapping rules from <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> topics to <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/>. That is, rule types 1, 2, 5, 6, and 7.</dd>
<dd>The value must be in the range 1-20000000.</dd>
<dd>The default value is 5000. </dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>RetainedMessages: All|None</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies which messages are forwarded as to a topic as retained messages.</dd>
<dd>This parameter overrides the retained message setting of the original message publisher.</dd>
<dd>This option is only valid for destination mapping rules that forward messages to a topic or
topic subtree.</dd>
<dd>This value can be one of the following values:<ul>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>All</dt>
<dd>All messages are forwarded to the topic as retained messages.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>None</dt>
<dd>No messages are forwarded to the topic as retained messages.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
</ul>The default value is None.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</section>
<section>
<title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title>
<ul>
<li>You must disable a destination mapping rule before you can make any changes to that rule. After
you have edited the rule, you must enable that destination mapping rule in order for the changes to
take effect. </li>
<li>To edit a queue manager connection, all destination mapping rules that use that queue manager
connection must be disabled. You do not need to restart the mqconn process in order for any changes
to take effect.</li>
</ul>
</section>
<section>
<title>Related <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/></title>
<ul>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_create_update_qmc.dita" scope="local" type="reference"/></li>
</ul>
</section>
<section><title>Example</title>Creates a destination mapping rule called
<codeph>exampleRule</codeph> by using
cURL::<codeblock>
curl -X POST \
   -H 'Content-Type: application/json'  \
   -d  '{     
         "DestinationMappingRule": {
           "exampleRule": {
            "QueueManagerConnection": "MyQMC",
            "RuleType": 1,
            "Source": "ISMRoot/Level1",
            "Destination": "Queue1",
            "MaxMessages": 7000,
            "Enabled": true,
            "RetainedMessages": All          
          }
        } 
      }
 '  \
http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/configuration/</codeblock><p>An
example response to the POST
method:<codeblock>
{        
  "Version": "v1",
  "Code": "CWLNA6011",
  "Message": "The requested configuration change has completed successfully."
}
</codeblock></p></section>
</refbody>
<?tm 1413224031 1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000007855?>
