<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE qsgQuickStartGuide PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Quick Start Guide//EN"
 "ibm-QuickStartGuide.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<qsgQuickStartGuide id="CC2I0ML" xml:lang="en-us">
<qsgTitle><ph conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> V <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ver_current"/></qsgTitle>
<qsgDocInfo>
<qsgDocTitle>Quick Start Guide</qsgDocTitle>
<qsgDescription>Read this guide to get started with IBM Watson IoT Platform - Message Gateway
version 5.0.0</qsgDescription>
<qsgPartNumber>CC2I0ML</qsgPartNumber>
<qsgPrintLocation/>
<qsgNotices>
<p><ph conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> version <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ver_current"/> Licensed Materials -
Property of <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm>. © Copyright <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM"
>IBM</tm> Corp. 2019. U.S. Government Users Restricted Rights - Use, duplication or disclosure
restricted by GSA ADP Schedule Contract with <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Corp. <tm
tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm>, the <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> logo, ibm.com,
developerWorks and <ph conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> are
trademarks or registered trademarks of International Business Machines Corp., registered in many
jurisdictions worldwide. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds in the United States,
other countries, or both. Other product and service names might be trademarks of <tm tmtype="reg"
trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> or other companies. A current list of <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM"
>IBM</tm> trademarks is available on the Web at <q><xref format="html"
href="http://www.ibm.com/legal/copytrade.shtml" scope="external">Copyright and trademark
information</xref></q> (<xref format="html" href="http://www.ibm.com/legal/copytrade.shtml"
scope="external">www.ibm.com/legal/copytrade.shtml</xref>). </p>
</qsgNotices>
</qsgDocInfo>
<qsgBody>
<qsgOverview>
<qsgOverviewTitle>Product overview</qsgOverviewTitle>
<p><ph conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> version <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ver_current"/> delivers scalable
connectivity for the Internet of Things, providing a solution to help you to connect all your
devices, sensors, and systems to the enterprise.</p>
<p><ph conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> is designed to scale,
allowing millions of devices, including sensors and mobiles, to connect in a reliable, secure way.
Some of these devices might be simple sensors, designed for publishing data. Other devices are more
sophisticated - designed for carrying out complex actions or for taking part in bi-directional
interactions. </p>
<p><ph conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> takes advantage of
lightweight MQTT protocol for communication between devices, sensors and mobile. Mobile devices can
connect using MQTT over HTML5/WebSockets. For enterprise connectivity, <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> can connect by using MQ and JMS
in addition to MQTT, with load balancing support for <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/was"/> (WAS). You can even add custom,
industry-specific messaging protocols to <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> in a controlled way that does
not compromise the security of the server environment by using the protocol plug-in feature.</p>
<p>Version <ph conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ver_current"/> release
highlights include:<ul>
<li>Support for MQTT version 5.0</li>
<li>Ability to bridge between servers</li>
<li>Improvements in monitoring </li>
<li>Availability of administrative subscriptions </li>
<li>Enhanced capability to optimize memory usage</li>
<li>Ability to automatically remove unused client state </li>
</ul></p>
</qsgOverview>
<qsgSteps>
<qsgConfigure>
<qsgStepTitle>Evaluate the hardware and system requirements</qsgStepTitle>
<qsgStepContent>
<p>For details of hardware and software requirements for <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> on all supported platforms, see
the <cite>Planning</cite> section of <xref format="html"
href="https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSWMAJ_5.0.0.1/com.ibm.ism.doc/Planning/pl00040.html"
scope="external">
<tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Knowledge Center</xref>.</p>
<?Pub Caret 125?>
</qsgStepContent>
</qsgConfigure>
<qsgServer>
<qsgStepTitle>Install the product</qsgStepTitle>
<qsgStepContent>
<p>For installation instructions for <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>, and for details of the hardware
and software configurations that are required, see the <cite>Installing</cite> section of <xref
format="html" scope="external"
href="https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSWMAJ_5.0.0.1/com.ibm.ism.doc/QuickStartGuide/qsg10000.html">
<tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Knowledge Center</xref>. </p>
<p>The <cite>Installing</cite> section of the product documentation explains how to get started with
<ph conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>. Use this section to get
started quickly. </p>
<p>Further documentation is available in <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Knowledge Center
to help you to configure or use product features by taking you through the appropriate task steps.
</p>
</qsgStepContent>
</qsgServer>
</qsgSteps>
<qsgInformation>
<qsgInformationTitle>More information</qsgInformationTitle>
<p>Additional information about <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> is available through <tm
tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> Marketplace and <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm>
<tm tmtype="reg" trademark="developerWorks">developerWorks</tm>.<ul>
<li><xref
href="https://www.ibm.com/us-en/marketplace/watson-iot-platform-message-gateway?mhq=message%20gateway"
scope="external" format="html"><ph conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> on IBM Marketplace</xref>i</li>
<li><xref href="https://www.ibm.com/developerworks/downloads/iot/messagesight/index.html"
scope="external" format="html"><ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM_prev_prev"/> on
developerWorks</xref></li>
</ul></p>
</qsgInformation>
</qsgBody>
<?tm 1410426287 28?>
</qsgQuickStartGuide>
<?Pub *0000005758?>
