<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="admin00007_1" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring users</title>
<shortdesc>System Administrators can create appliance users by using
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> GUI or
the CLI.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>common tasks<indexterm>configuring users</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>configuration<indexterm>users</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>users</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context>You can chouse from the following roles when creating users:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>System Administrators</dt>
<dd>These users have the most access. TBD</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Messaging Administrators</dt>
<dd>TBD</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Users</dt>
<dd>TBD</dd>
</dlentry></dl></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Go to the Users page by either of the following steps:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>On the <uicontrol>Home</uicontrol> tab, click <uicontrol>Appliance
Users</uicontrol> in the <uicontrol>Create users and groups</uicontrol> box.</choice>
<choice>On the <uicontrol>Appliance</uicontrol> tab, click <uicontrol>Users</uicontrol>.</choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step><cmd>To add, delete, or edit appliance, use the icons in the <uicontrol>Web
UI Users</uicontrol> box.</cmd><info>You can:<ul>
<li>Add a user by clicking the Add icon.</li>
<li>Delete a user by selecting the user and then clicking the Delete
icon.</li>
<li>Edit a user by selecting the user and then clicking the Edit icon.</li>
</ul><note>There is no limit to the amount of DNS addresses that you
can add.</note></info></step>
<step><cmd>To reset a user’s password, select the user and then click <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Other Actions</uicontrol><uicontrol>Reset Password</uicontrol>
</menucascade>.</cmd></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<linklist><title>To complete the tasks in this topic using the command
line interface, refer to the following commands:</title><linkinfo>TBD:
not yet implemented by development.</linkinfo></linklist>
</related-links>
</task><?Pub Caret -1?>
<?Pub *0000002265?>
