<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="admin00007_3" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Creating Messaging Users and Groups</title>
<shortdesc>System Administrators and Messaging Administrators can
create messaging users and groups who will use applications developed
for the appliance to send and receive messages.</shortdesc>
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<taskbody>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Go to the Users and Groups page by either of the following
steps:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>On the <uicontrol>Home</uicontrol> tab, click <uicontrol>Messaging
Users and Groups</uicontrol> in the <uicontrol>Create users and groups</uicontrol> box.</choice>
<choice>On the <uicontrol>Messaging</uicontrol> tab, click <uicontrol>Users
and Groups</uicontrol>.</choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step><cmd>To add, delete, or edit messaging users use the icons in
the <uicontrol>Messaging Users</uicontrol> box.</cmd><info>You can:<ul>
<li>Add a messaging user by clicking the Add icon.</li>
<li>Delete a messaging user by selecting the user and then clicking
the Delete icon.</li>
<li>Edit a messaging user by selecting the user and then clicking
the Edit icon.</li>
</ul></info></step>
<step><cmd>To change a user’s password, select the user and then click <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Other Actions</uicontrol><uicontrol>Reset Password</uicontrol>
</menucascade>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>To add, delete, or edit messaging groups use the icons
in the <uicontrol>Messaging Groups</uicontrol> box.</cmd><info>You
can:<ul>
<li>Add a messaging group by clicking the Add icon.</li>
<li>Delete a messaging group by selecting the group and then clicking
the Delete icon.</li>
<li>Edit a messaging group by selecting the group and then clicking
the Edit icon.</li>
</ul></info></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<linklist><title>To complete the tasks in this topic using the command
line interface, refer to the following commands:</title><linkinfo>TBD:
not yet implemented by development.</linkinfo></linklist>
</related-links>
</task><?Pub Caret -1?>
<?Pub *0000002232?>
