<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="admin00007_2" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring security</title>
<shortdesc>System Administrators can secure the connections to the
appliance by using either the GUI or CLI.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>configuration<indexterm>security</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>security</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Go to the Security Settings page by either of the following
steps:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>On the <uicontrol>Home</uicontrol> tab, click <uicontrol>Security
Settings</uicontrol> in the <uicontrol>Secure your appliance</uicontrol> box.</choice>
<choice>On the <uicontrol>Appliance</uicontrol> tab, click <uicontrol>Security
Settings</uicontrol>.</choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step><cmd>If you want to secure messages using cryptography that
complies with the Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS),
select <uicontrol>Use FIPS for secure communications</uicontrol>.</cmd>
<info><note>FIPS is a publicly announced standardization developed
by the United States federal government for use in computer systems.
For more information, see <xref format="html"
href="http://www.itl.nist.gov/fipspubs/" scope="external"></xref></note></info>
</step>
<step><cmd>To add, delete, or edit client certificate profiles, use
the icons under <uicontrol>Certificate Profiles</uicontrol>.</cmd><info><ul>
<li>Add a certificate by clicking the Add icon.</li>
<li>Delete a certificate by selecting the certificate name and then
clicking the Delete icon.</li>
<li>Edit a certificate by selecting the certificate name and then
clicking the Edit icon.</li>
</ul><note type="important">You cannot edit or delete the Default
ISM Certificate.</note></info></step>
<step><cmd>To add, delete, or edit security profiles, use the icons
under <uicontrol>Security Profiles</uicontrol>.</cmd><info><ul>
<li>Add a certificate by clicking the Add icon.</li>
<li>Delete a certificate by selecting the certificate name and then
clicking the Delete icon.</li>
<li>Edit a certificate by selecting the certificate name and then
clicking the Edit icon.</li>
</ul>On the Security Profile window, you can choose between the following
types of cipher suites when connecting to the client. You can choose
from:<dl><dlentry>
<dt>Best</dt>
<dd>Definition TBD</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Medium</dt>
<dd>Definition TBD</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Fast</dt>
<dd>Definition TBD</dd>
</dlentry></dl><draft-comment>NOTE TO REVIEWERS: I’ve got an email
to Ken asking for definitions of the cipher types.</draft-comment><?Pub
Caret -3?></info></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<linklist><title>To complete the tasks in this topic using the command
line interface, refer to the following commands:</title><linkinfo>TBD:
not yet implemented by development.</linkinfo></linklist>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003078?>
