<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="se00017_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>NIST 800-131a</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>Special Publication 800-131a of the US National Institute
of Standards and Technology (NIST) has new requirements for cryptography
certificates, keys, and ciphers. <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> supports this
new standard, and provides enhanced support for TLSv1.2.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>You can configure <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> to
comply to the NIST 800-131a requirements, and enforce minimum cipher
strengths. <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> does
not enforce minimum certificate and key strength. You must control
which certificates are accepted by ensuring that weak certificates
and keys are not installed on <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.</p>
<p>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> JMS
client uses only ciphers and protocols that conform to NIST 800-131a.</p>
<note>Based on the NIST recommendation on use of SP 800-90A Dual Elliptic
Curve Deterministic Random Bit Generation, <parmname>Dual_EC_DRBG</parmname> is
not enabled on <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.
For more information about the NIST recommendation, see the <cite>Supplemental
ITL bulletin for September 2013</cite> on the <xref
href="http://csrc.nist.gov/publications/PubsITLSB.html" scope="external">NIST
website</xref>.</note>
<p>To configure <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> to
enforce the minimum cipher strength, configure the security profile
of each endpoint as follows:<ul>
<li>Set the minimum security protocol to TLSv1.2, TLSv1.1, or TLSv1.
All levels of TLS are NIST 800-131a compliant, but use the highest
version that is supported by all clients.</li>
<li>Set the ciphers to <codeph>Fast</codeph> or <codeph>Best</codeph>.
Typically, the cipher lists are the same. However, <codeph>Fast</codeph> chooses
the faster ciphers first, and <codeph>Best</codeph> chooses the stronger
ciphers first.</li>
</ul>For more information about configuring security profiles, see <xref
href="../Administering/ad00740_.dita"></xref>.</p>
</conbody>
<?tm 1413224011 0?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000002462?>
