<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="se00003_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Authorizing client connections</title>
<shortdesc>You can use connection policies to authorize a client to
connect to an endpoint on <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>. </shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>The connection policies that are associated with an endpoint that
a client attempts to connect to are applied when the connection attempt
is made. The connection policy can restrict which clients can connect
to the endpoint and can limit the resources that MQTT clients can
consume by preventing clients from connecting using a setting of <codeph>cleanSession=0</codeph> or
publishing messages with a QoS of 1 or 2. You must apply at least
one connection policy to an endpoint in order for a client to connect
to that endpoint. If you apply more than one connection policy to
an endpoint, the policies are applied in order.</p>
<p>When you create a connection policy, you can use the following
attributes to restrict who is allowed to connect:<ul>
<li>Client IP address </li>
<li>Client ID</li>
<li>User ID</li>
<li>Group Name</li>
<li>Protocol </li>
<li>Certificate common name</li>
<li>Allow MQTT clients with durable subscriptions</li>
</ul></p><?Pub Caret 63?>
<p>For example, for an endpoint that is bound to an external-facing
ethernet, you might configure a connection policy that any IP address
can connect to. Then, for an endpoint that is bound to an internal-facing
ethernet, you might configure another connection policy that only
certain IP addresses can connect to.</p>
<p>A connection policy can be applied to more than one endpoint. For
example, you can use a single connection policy to allow all clients
from a particular IP address range to connect. You can then restrict
the access of different clients to particular queues and topic strings
by using a messaging policy. For more information about messaging
policies, see <xref href="se00004_.dita"></xref>.</p>
<p>Connection policies can be configured by using the <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>, or <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>. For more information about configuring
   connection policies, see <xref format="dita"
    href="../Administering/ad00360_.dita#ad00360_/connpolicy" scope="local" type="section"
    >Connection policies</xref>.</p>
<section id="VariableSubstitution"> <title>Variable substitution in
connection policies</title> <p>You can use variable substitution in
connection policies to avoid configuring large numbers of connection
policies. You can set up a connection policy so that the client ID
includes a user ID or client certificate common name variable. The
user ID or common name is matched to the client ID, and access is
granted only if they match.</p> <p>The variable for the user ID is <codeph>${UserID}</codeph>.
The variable for certificate common name is <codeph>${CommonName}</codeph>.
You can specify extra characters along with the variable, for example <codeph>EXAMPLE/${UserID}</codeph>.
If you use an unknown variable, the matching of the policy fails.</p> <p>For
example, you might have thousands of users that log in to a website
by using a client application. Each user has a user ID that is  used
by the application as a client ID. You can use the variable substitution
option to ensure that only applications that use a matching user ID
and client ID can connect. For example:<codeblock>Name:CertificateConnPolicy
Description:Connection policy that matches the user ID and client ID for authentication.
ClientID:${UserID}
</codeblock></p> </section>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000003788?>
