<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="se00019_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Topic filters for MQTT global-shared subscriptions</title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>You can configure global-shared durable and global-shared non-durable topic subscriptions to be shared by <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"
/> MQTT client applications. You must configure a subscription policy and a corresponding topic policy if your MQTT applications are to use global-shared durable subscriptions. You must ensure that the <parmname>Subscription</parmname> and <parmname>Topic</parmname> parameters are correctly configured.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>When you create a subscription policy, you authorize clients to use the global-shared durable subscription, but not the associated topic. Therefore, you must create a separate topic policy to authorize clients to use the associated topic.</p>
<section><title>The MQTT SUBSCRIBE request</title><p>The SUBSCRIBE request in MQTT specifies one of the following strings: <codeblock>$SharedSubscription/<varname>subName</varname>/<varname>topicFilter</varname></codeblock><codeblock>$share/<varname>subName</varname>/<varname>topicFilter</varname></codeblock>where:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>$SharedSubscription</dt>
<dd>Indicates that the target of the SUBSCRIBE request is a global-shared subscription.</dd>
<dd>Clients that connect with the clean session flag set to <userinput>false</userinput> in MQTTv3,
or with the clean session flag set to <userinput>true</userinput> , cannot share a subscription.
Trying to share a subscription results in the creation of two subscriptions with the same
<varname>subName</varname>.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl><dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>$share</dt>
<dd>Indicates that the target of the SUBSCRIBE request is a global-shared subscription.</dd>
<dd>All MQTT clients that use $share to subscribe can connect to the same shared subscription. </dd>
</dlentry>
</dl><dl>
<dlentry>
<dt><varname>subName</varname></dt>
<dd>Is the name of the global-shared subscription.</dd>
<dd>This value must not include any forward slashes ( / ).</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl><dl>
<dlentry>
<dt><varname>topicFilter</varname></dt>
<dd>Is a standard MQTT topic filter for any type of topic subscription. It can contain a single
topic name, or it can contain a topic filter that includes wildcards. </dd>
</dlentry>
</dl></p></section>
<section><title>Setting the <parmname>Subscription</parmname> and <parmname>Topic</parmname> parameter in the susbcription policy and topic policy</title><p>If you are using an MQTT global-shared durable subscriptions, you must configure a subscription policy and a corresponding topic policy. In the subscription policy, the value of the <parmname>Subscription</parmname> parameter must be the same as the <varname>SubName</varname> element in the MQTT SUBSCRIBE request. This value must not contain any forward slashes ( / ). In the topic policy, the value of  the <parmname>Topic</parmname> parameter must be the same as the <varname>topicFilter</varname> element in the MQTT SUBSCRIBE request. To make the subscription durable, set <codeph>cleanSession=0</codeph>.</p><p>If you are using an MQTT global-shared non-durable subscription, you need only configure a topic policy. The value of the <parmname>Topic</parmname> parameter in the topic policy must grant access to the topicFilter on the MQTT SUBSCRIBE request.</p><p>For more information about configuring
messaging policies, see <xref format="dita"
href="../Administering/ad00360_.dita" scope="peer" type="concept">Configuring
message hubs</xref>.</p></section>
<section><title>Examples</title><p> <ul>
<li><p>For example, an MQTT client specifies the following <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> topic filter for a global-shared subscription (in this case, a global-shared durable subscription):<codeblock>$SharedSubscription/ProGolfSub//Golf/Professional</codeblock><codeblock/>The subscription policy must specify the following value for the <parmname>Subscription</parmname> parameter:<codeblock>ProGolfSub</codeblock>Then the topic policy must specify the following value for the <parmname>Topic</parmname> parameter:<codeblock>/Golf/Professional</codeblock>However, if an MQTT client specifies the following topic string:<codeblock>$SharedSubscription/ProBaseballSub/Baseball/Professional</codeblock>The subscription policy must specify the following value for the <parmname>Subscription</parmname> parameter:<codeblock>Subscription=ProBaseballSub</codeblock>Then the topic messaging policy must specify the following value for the <parmname>Topic</parmname> parameter:<codeblock>Topic=Baseball/Professional</codeblock></p></li>
<li>For a global-shared non-durable subscription, your topic string must look like the following example:<codeblock>$SharedSubscription/<varname>SubName</varname>/<varname>topicFilter</varname></codeblock><ul>
<li>The <codeph>$SharedSubscription/</codeph> segment must be present.</li>
<li>The <codeph><varname>SubName</varname></codeph> must be the name of the subscription.</li>
<li>The <codeph><varname>topicFilter</varname></codeph> must match the topic on the topic policy. The <codeph><varname>topicFilter</varname></codeph> must include a leading forward slash ( / ) if the topic has one.</li>
</ul><p>For example, an MQTT client specifies the following topic string:<codeblock>$SharedSubscription/ProHockeySub//Hockey/Professional</codeblock>Then the topic policy must specify the following value for the <parmname>Topic</parmname> parameter:<codeblock>/Hockey/Professional</codeblock>A subscription policy is not necessary.</p><p>All subscribers to the global-shared non-durable subscription must use the same subscription name.</p></li>
</ul> </p></section>
</conbody>
<?tm 1413224010 0?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000006060?>
