<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="se00010" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Authentication</title>
<shortdesc>When a messaging client connects to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>, you can choose
whether you want to authenticate the messaging user ID and password
of that client. </shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>This authentication is set up within the security profile for the
endpoint that is associated with a message hub. Any messaging client
with a valid messaging user ID and password that is stored on <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>, or in an external
LDAP server, is successfully authenticated. You can connect to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> without giving
a password, if password authentication is not enabled. </p>
<p>If you use authentication to secure your solution, it is best practice
to enable <xref format="dita" href="se00005_.dita" scope="local"
type="concept">Transport Layer Security (TLS)</xref>. Use TLS to ensure
that user IDs and passwords are not transmitted in plain text.</p><?Pub
Caret 61?>
<p>Authentication is not the same as authorization. The authorization
mechanism in <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> is
achieved by using policies. These policies enable the messaging user
to connect to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> and
use a messaging action - for example, publish or subscribe. Authentication
validates that the messaging user is who they claim to be, but does
not allow messaging users to connect or use any messaging actions.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000002196?>
