<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="se00012_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS)</title>
<shortdesc>The US government produces technical advice on IT systems
and security, including data encryption. The National Institute for
Standards and Technology (NIST) is an important body that is concerned
with IT systems and security. NIST produces recommendations and standards,
including the Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS).</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>The FIPS 140-2 standard requires the use of strong cryptographic algorithms. FIPS 140-2 also
   specifies requirements for hashing algorithms to be used to protect packets against modification
   in transit. Over time, analysts develop attacks against existing encryption and hashing
   algorithms. New algorithms are adopted to resist those attacks. FIPS 140-2 is periodically
   updated to take account of these changes. For more information about FIPS, see <xref
    href="http://www.nist.gov/itl/fips.cfm" scope="external">Federal Information Processing
    Standards Publications (FIPS PUBS)</xref>.</p>
<p></p>
<p><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> can be configured to provide FIPS 140-2
support. For more information about configuring <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
to use FIPS-compliant security, see <xref format="dita" href="../Administering/ad00700_.dita"
scope="local" type="concept"/>.</p>
</conbody>
</concept><?Pub Caret -1?>
<?Pub *0000001617?>
