<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="se00002_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Messaging users and groups</title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can configure <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> to access an LDAP server to authenticate messaging users and groups. Messaging users and groups can be authorized by system and messaging administrators to publish, and subscribe to topics. </shortdesc>
<conbody><?Pub
Caret 52?>
<p>Each messaging user has a unique messaging user ID. This messaging
user ID can be used in a connection policy to allow or deny the user
a connection to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.
The messaging user ID can be used in a messaging policy to control
whether the user can publish or subscribe to a topic. The messaging
user ID can also be used in a messaging policy to control whether
the user can send, receive, or browse a queue.</p>
<p>Messaging users can be part of messaging groups. Adding users to
a group can simplify administration tasks. For example, you might
want one set of users to publish to a particular topic, and another
set of users to subscribe to a particular topic. Instead of creating
individual messaging policies for each user, you can create a messaging
group who are authorized to publish to a topic. You create another
messaging group authorized to subscribe to a topic. Users can be added
to the relevant messaging group, and that group can then be associated
with the appropriate messaging policy.</p>
<p>For more information about configuring LDAP for use in user authentication, see <xref
    format="dita" href="../Administering/ad00370_.dita" scope="peer" type="concept">Configuring
    messaging users and groups</xref>.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000002207?>
