<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="se00000_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Security</title>
<shortdesc>You must consider security requirements before, and after
you configure <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>. </shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>For a more secure administration environment, configure <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> to ensure that the management interface is not
   accessible through the internet. For more information, see <xref format="dita"
    href="../AdministeringWebUI/ad00197_.dita" scope="local" type="task"/>.</p>
<p>After you configure <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>,
there are three main aspects to security - Transport Layer Security
(TLS), authentication, and authorization.</p>
<p>The server certificate and associated security profile controls
TLS. The certificate verifies that a public key belongs to a specified
entity. The security profile object is used to define TLS configuration.
For example, the minimum protocol method that is allowed when clients
connect, or the ciphers that are used for encryption. For more information
about certificates and profiles, see <xref format="dita"
href="se00005_.dita" scope="local" type="concept">Certificate and
security profiles</xref>. </p><?Pub Caret 192?>
<p>Authentication is based on messaging user ID and password validation. Name-and-password authentication uses a challenge and response protocol to ask messaging users for their names and passwords. This login information is then validated against the information that is stored in the LDAP server that you configure for authentication purposes. The level of authentication is determined by the security profile that is associated with an endpoint.</p>
<p>A policy-based authorization mechanism enables messaging users
and clients to connect to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>, and use messaging
actions. For more information, see <xref format="dita"
href="se00003_.dita" scope="local" type="concept">connection policies</xref>,
and <xref format="dita" href="se00004_.dita" scope="local" type="concept">messaging
 policies</xref>.</p>
<p>For more information about configuring security on <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>, see <xref
format="dita" href="../Administering/ad00000_.dita" scope="local"
type="concept"></xref>.</p>
</conbody>
<?tm 1384269949 0?>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000002824?>
