<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002--><!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?><reference id="cmd_import_serverconfig" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Import <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> server
configuration</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc />
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<refbody>
<section> <title>Purpose</title> <p>Import <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server configuration data from a
password-protected compressed file that was created by using the export REST API in <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> version 5. </p><p> Configuration
data includes certificates, message hubs, endpoints, policies, queues,
topic monitors, high availability, cluster membership, queue manager
connections, and destination mapping rules. The data can be used to
copy data from one server to another. Configuration data does not
include subscriptions or message data, such as messages that are on
queues, or messages that are buffered for subscription.</p> </section>
<section> <title>URI</title> <p>Use the <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> REST API POST
method with the following <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> configuration
URI: </p> <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port&gt;/ima/v1/service/import</codeph></p> </section>
<section><title>Object configuration data</title><p>Provide object configuration data in the payload
of the POST method by using the following schema. <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to
<userinput>application/json</userinput>: </p><codeblock>
{    
  "FileName": "string",
  "Password": "string",
  "DisableObjects": true|false,
  "ApplyConfig": true|false
}</codeblock>Where:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>FileName</dt>
<dd>Required.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the name of the file that contains the backup configuration data.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Password</dt>
<dd>Required.</dd>
<dd>Specifies a password for the compressed file that contains the backup configuration data.</dd>
<dd>The password cannot contain leading or trailing spaces.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>DisableObjects: true|false</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies whether the imported objects that have a configuration item associated with an IP
address such as Endpoint, HighAvailability, ClusterMembership are disabled after importing into the
server. </dd>
<dd>The default is true.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>ApplyConfig: true|false</dt>
<dd>Optional.</dd>
<dd>Specifies whether the imported configuration is to be applied to the server. By default, the
imported configuration is returned as a response to the REST call for users to verify an imported
configuration.</dd>
<dd>The default is false.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl></section>
<section> <title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title> <ul>
<li>Capitalization and double quotation marks must be used as shown.</li>
</ul> </section>
<section> <title>Related <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs" /></title> <ul>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_export_serverconfig.dita" scope="local" type="reference" /></li>
</ul> </section>
<section><title>Example</title>Imports <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
server configuration by using
cURL:<codeblock>  
curl -X POST \
   -H 'Content-Type: application/json'  \
   -d  ' {    
           "FileName": "TestServerConfigBackup",
           "Password": "examplePW",  
           "DisableObjects": true,
           "ApplyConfig": true 
         }
 '  \
http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/service/import</codeblock><?Pub Caret 285?><p>An
example response to the POST
method:<codeblock>
{        
  "Version": "v1",
  "Code": "CWLNA6011",
  "Message": "The requested configuration change has completed successfully."
}
</codeblock></p></section>
</refbody>
</reference><?Pub *0000004618?><?tm 1462285939033 2 Notes||IBM ?>
