<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<reference id="cmd_export_serverconfig" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Export <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server
configuration</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc></shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<refbody>
<section> <title>Purpose</title> <p>Exports <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server configuration
data to a password-protected compressed file. Configuration data includes
certificates, message hubs, endpoints, policies, queues, topic monitors,
high availability, cluster membership, queue manager connections,
and destination mapping rules. The data can be used to copy data from
one server to another. Configuration data does not include subscriptions
or message data, such as messages that are on queues, or messages
that are buffered for subscription.</p><?Pub Caret 279?> </section>
<section> <title>URI</title> <p>Use the <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> REST API POST
method with the following <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> configuration
URI: </p> <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/service/export</codeph></p> </section>
<section><title>Object configuration data</title><p>Provide object configuration data in the payload
of the POST method by using the following schema. <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to
<userinput>application/json</userinput>: </p><codeblock>
{    
  "FileName": "string",
  "Password": "string"
}</codeblock>Where:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>FileName</dt>
<dd>Required.</dd>
<dd>Specifies the name of the file that is to hold the backup configuration data.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Password</dt>
<dd>Required.</dd>
<dd>Specifies a password for the compressed file that contains the backup configuration data.</dd>
<dd>You must have access to the password when you import the backup configuration data.</dd>
<dd>The password cannot contain leading or trailing spaces.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl></section>
<section> <title>Usage <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg"
trademark="Notes">Notes</tm></title> <ul>
<li>Capitalization and double quotation marks must be used as shown.</li>
</ul> </section>
<section> <title>Related <ph
conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"></ph></title> <ul>
<li><xref format="dita" href="cmd_import_serverconfig.dita" scope="local"
type="reference"></xref></li>
</ul> </section>
<section><title>Example</title>Exports <ph conref="../../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
server configuration by using
cURL:<codeblock>  
curl -X POST \
   -H 'Content-Type: application/json'  \
   -d  ' {    
           "FileName": "TestServerConfigBackup",
           "Password": "examplePW"  
         }
 '  \
http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/service/export</codeblock><p>An
example response to the POST
method:<codeblock>
{        
  "Version": "v1",
  "Code": "CWLNA6011",
  "Message": "The requested configuration change has completed successfully."
}
</codeblock></p></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000003779?>
