<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="ba00007_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Creating a backup of the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> server in a high availability environment</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>System administrators can create a secure backup of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> high availability (HA) environment by using <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>.</shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<taskbody>
<prereq>
<p>To ensure consistency of the backup, perform the backup operation in the HA environment on the standby node. </p>
</prereq>
<context>
<p>System administrators can create a secure backup that can be used to restore the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> configuration and store data. Both of these sets of data are in directories on a file system and can be backed up by using standard system tools. Messaging services remain in progress during the backup operation. </p>
</context>
<steps>
<step>
<cmd>Check that the server is running and is in standby mode using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API GET method with the following URI: </cmd>
<info>
<codeblock>http://&lt;Standby-Server-IP:Port>/ima/v1/service/status/</codeblock>
</info>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Messaging on the standby server must be stopped to ensure that the backup is valid during the restore process; however, do not force stop the standby server. Set the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server to maintenance mode by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API POST method with the following URI:</cmd>
<info>
<codeblock>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:port>/ima/v1/service/restart</codeblock>
<p>Provide configuration data in the payload of the POST method by using the following schema. <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to <userinput>application/json</userinput>:</p>
<codeblock>
{    
  "Service": "Server",
  "Maintenance": "start"
}</codeblock>
</info>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>When the standby server is in maintenance mode, use your standard system tools to back up the contents of the following directories:</cmd>
<info>
<ul>
<li><filepath>var/messagesight/data</filepath></li>
<li><filepath>var/messagesight/store</filepath></li>
</ul>
<note>If you are operating in a Docker environment, ensure that you mount these directories on the host volume or volumes and back up the corresponding host directory or directories.</note>
</info>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Restart the standby server in production mode by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API POST method with the following URI:</cmd>
<info>
<codeblock>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:port>/ima/v1/service/restart/</codeblock>
<p>Provide configuration data in the payload of the POST method by using the following schema. <parmname>Content-type</parmname> is set to <userinput>application/json</userinput>:</p>
<codeblock>
{    
  "Service": "Server",
  "Maintenance": "stop"
}</codeblock>
</info>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
