<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ba00011_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Verifying network IP addresses after appliance restore by using
the command line</title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can use commands on the command line
to view and amend the network interface IP addresses of configuration
items on the appliance after it has been restored.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq><ul>
<li>The commands must be capitalized as shown, and must use the double
quotation marks as shown.</li>
</ul></prereq>
<context><p>In the time between creating a backup of your appliance
and restoring, and if you have specified <codeph>Appliance=False</codeph> in
the <cmdname>imaserver restore</cmdname> command, it is possible for
the network interface IP addresses of the following configuration
items to have changed:<ul>
<li>Endpoints</li>
<li>Web UI host</li>
<li>SNMP agent</li>
</ul>If the IP addresses have changed since the creation of the backup,
you must amend them so that the restored appliance can operate correctly.
Amend the IP addresses to the values that were configured at the time
of the backup operation.</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Establish the availability of the Ethernet interfaces of
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> appliance
and amend them if necessary.</cmd><info>Follow the procedures in <xref
href="../Administering/ad00212_.dita" scope="local"></xref>.</info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Check the restored endpoints to ensure that the Ethernet
interface value matches the interface that is configured on the system:</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Automatically configure the endpoints by entering the
following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>imaserver set FixEndpointInterface=1</codeph></p></info>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Stop and start the server by entering the following
commands:</cmd><info><p><codeph>imaserver stop</codeph></p><p><codeph>imaserver
start</codeph></p></info></substep>
<substep><cmd>For each endpoint, verify the endpoint configuration
by entering the following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>imaserver
show Endpoint "Name=<varname>epointName</varname>"</codeph></p>Where:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>epointName</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the endpoint that you want to verify the
configuration of.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></info></substep>
<substep><cmd>Turn off the automatic endpoint configuration by entering
the following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>imaserver set FixEndpointInterface=0</codeph></p></info>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step><cmd>View the IP address that is configured for the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> and amend
it if necessary.</cmd><info>Follow the procedure in <xref
href="../Administering/ad00098_.dita" scope="local"></xref>.</info>
</step>
<step><cmd>View and amend the IP address that is configured for the
SNMP agent if necessary.</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Check whether SNMP is enabled by entering the following
command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>imaserver get SNMPEnabled</codeph></p></info>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>If SNMP is enabled, view the IP address or addresses
that are configured for the SNMP agent to listen on by entering the
following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>imaserver get SNMPAgentAddress</codeph></p></info>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>If necessary, amend the IP address or addresses that
are configured for the SNMP agent to listen on by entering the following
command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>imaserver set "SNMPAgentAddress=all|<varname>IPAddress"</varname></codeph></p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>all|IPAddress</dt>
<dd>Specifies the IP address or addresses that are configured for
the SNMP agent to listen on. Use a comma-separated list to specify
more than one address.</dd>
</dlentry></dl><?Pub Caret 168?></li>
</ul></info></substep>
<substep><cmd>Check that SNMP is running by entering the following
command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>status snmp</codeph></p></info></substep>
</substeps>
</step>
</steps>
<example>The following example shows checking and amending, when necessary,
of network interface IP addresses of an endpoint, the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>, and SNMP
agent:<p>Establish the availability of the Ethernet interface you
want to use:<screen>admin@(none)> list ethernet-interface
eth0
eth1
ha0
ha1


admin@(none)> show ethernet-interface eth0
ethernet-interface eth0: [Up]
name "eth0"
userdata ""
AdminState "Enabled"
use-arp "true"
aggregate-candidate "false"
mac-address "DE:AD:BE:E0:85:01"
mtu "1500"
ip
use-dhcp "false"
address "10.10.4.85/20" "fc00::10:10:4:85/10"
use-slaac "false"
dad-transmits "1"
dad-retransmit-timer "1000"
end ip
mode "Auto" 

</screen></p><p>Automatically configure the endpoint Ethernet interfaces:<screen><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"/> imaserver set FixEndpointInterface=1
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"/> imaserver stop
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server STOP is invoked.
Run status imaserver command to check if <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server process has stopped.
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"/> imaserver start
Start <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server.
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> is running in production mode.
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"/> imaserver show Endpoint "Name=exampleEpoint"
Name = exampleEpoint
Enabled = true
Port = 16102
Protocol = JMS,MQTT
Interface = All
SecurityProfile =
ConnectionPolicies = exampleCPolicy
MessagingPolicies = exampleMPolicy
MaxMessageSize = 4096KB
MessageHub = exampleHub
Description =
MaxSendSize = 16384
BatchMessages = True
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"/> imaserver set FixEndpointInterface=0
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"/></screen></p><p>View
and amend the IP address that is configured for the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>:<screen>admin@(none)> imaserver get WebUIHost
WebUIHost = <b>10.10.0.85</b>


admin@(none)> imaserver set WebUIHost=<b>10.10.4.85</b>
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.</screen></p><p>View
and amend the IP address that is configured for the SNMP agent, and
check that SNMP is running:<screen>admin@(none)>  imaserver get SNMPEnabled
SNMPEnabled = True


admin@(none)> imaserver get SNMPAgentAddress
SNMPAgentAddress = 10.10.0.85,10.10.4.85,10.10.8.85


admin@(none)> imaserver set "SNMPAgentAddress=10.10.4.85"
The requested configuration change has completed successfully.


admin@(none)> status snmp
Status = Running
SNMPEnabled = True</screen></p></example>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000006902?>
