<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ba00001_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Creating a secure backup of the appliance</title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can create a secure backup of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> appliance by
using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd">imaserver</ph> <cmdname>backup</cmdname> command.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq><note><ul>
<li>The commands must be capitalized as shown, and must use the double
quotation marks as shown.</li>
<li>You must be the system administrator <codeph>admin</codeph> to
create a backup. This user is the only user that is authorized to
create a backup.</li>
</ul></note></prereq>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Check that the server is running by entering the following
command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>imaserver status</codeph></p></info>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>If the server is stopped, start the server by entering
the following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>imaserver start</codeph></p></info>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step><cmd>Set the server to maintenance mode by entering the following
commands:</cmd><info><p><codeblock>imaserver runmode maintenance
imaserver stop
imaserver start</codeblock></p></info></step>
<step><cmd>Create a secured backup of the appliance including, optionally,
the store, by entering the following command:</cmd><info><note>The
command must be capitalized as shown.</note><p><ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>backup
"</cmdname><cmdname>Password=</cmdname><varname>password</varname><cmdname>"</cmdname><cmdname> [
"StoreDestinationURL=</cmdname><varname>url</varname><cmdname>" ]</cmdname><cmdname> [
"StoreDestinationUserID=</cmdname><varname>userid</varname><cmdname>"
]</cmdname><cmdname> [ "StoreDestinationPassword=</cmdname><varname>storedestinationPassword</varname><cmdname>"
]</cmdname></p>Where:<dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>password</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies a password for the compressed file that contains the
backup data. You must have the password when you attempt to restore
the backup.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>url</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the optional remote destination for the store backup
file.<p>The URL has the following format:<codeblock>protocol://ipAddress:/filepath/filename</codeblock></p><p>where</p><p><ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>protocol</dt>
<dd>scp or ftp</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>ipAddress</dt>
<dd>Remote IP address or host name of the remote destination of the
store backup file.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>filepath</dt>
<dd>Path for the remote file.</dd>
</dlentry></dl><?Pub Caret 37?></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>filename</dt>
<dd>Name of the remote file. You must include the file name.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></p> </dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>userid</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the user ID with which to access the remote destination
of the store backup file.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>storedestinationPassword</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the password with which to access the remote destination
of the store backup file.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></info></step>
<step><cmd>Set the server to production mode, by entering the following
commands:</cmd><info><p><codeph>imaserver runmode production</codeph></p><p><codeph>imaserver
stop</codeph></p><p><codeph>imaserver start</codeph></p></info></step>
</steps>
<result>A compressed file named <filepath>imaBackup.<varname>hhmmss</varname>-<varname>MMDDYYYY</varname></filepath> is
created. Do not edit the compressed file that contains the backup.
If the file is edited, the system cannot be restored from that file.</result>
<example>The following example shows creating a backup file with the password <codeph>adminback0213</codeph>:<screen><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt">

</ph> imaserver status
Status = Running (production)
ServerUpTime = 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 8 seconds 

<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt">

</ph> imaserver runmode maintenance
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is currently in "production" mode.
When it is restarted, it will be in "maintenance" mode.

<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt">

</ph> imaserver stop
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is stopping.
Check the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server status using "status imaserver" command.

<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt">

</ph> imaserver start
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is starting.
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is in "maintenance" mode.

<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt">

imaserver</ph> imaserver backup "Password=adminback0213"<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> configuration backup imaBackup.210536-09092014 has been created.
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt">

imaserver</ph> imaserver runmode production
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is currently in "maintenance" mode.
When it is restarted, it will be in "production" mode.

<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt">

imaserver</ph> imaserver stop
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is stopping.
Check the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server status using "status imaserver" command.
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt">

imaserver</ph> imaserver start
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is starting.
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is in "production" mode.
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt">

imaserver</ph></screen></example>
<postreq>You can copy the backup file to another system by entering
the following command:<p><codeph>file put <varname>filename</varname> <varname>fileURL</varname></codeph></p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>filename</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the backup file to copy to the other system.</dd>
<dd>The name cannot include any path elements.</dd>
<dd>You can use a period (.) to specify that the name of the file
when it is copied is the same name as the file on <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>fileURL</dt>
<dd>Specifies the location to put the file in the following format: <codeph>scp://<varname>username</varname>@<varname>hostname</varname>:/<varname>filepath</varname></codeph></dd>
<dd>For example, <codeph>scp://admin@example.com:/backups/imaBackup.160148-02272013</codeph></dd>
<dd>You cannot specify the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> IP address as
the SCP host name.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></postreq>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="ba00002_.dita" scope="local" type="task">
</link>
</related-links>
<?tm 1413224015 0?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000006868?>
