<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ba00010_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Verifying network IP addresses after appliance restore by using
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph></title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can use the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> view and amend,
if necessary, the network interface IP addresses of configuration
items on the appliance after it has been restored.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>In the time between creating a backup of your appliance
and restoring, and if you have specified <codeph>Appliance=False</codeph> in
the <cmdname>imaserver restore</cmdname> command, it is possible for
the network interface IP addresses of the following configuration
items to have changed:<ul>
<li>Endpoints</li>
<li>Web UI host</li>
<li>SNMP agent</li>
</ul>If the IP addresses have changed since the creation of the backup,
you must amend them so that the restored appliance can operate correctly.
Amend the IP addresses to the values that were configured at the time
of the backup operation.</p></context>
<steps>
<step>
    <cmd>Establish the availability of the Ethernet interfaces of the <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> appliance.</cmd>
   </step><?Pub Caret 1?>
<step><cmd>View the network interface IP addresses of the endpoints
and amend them if necessary.</cmd><info> Follow the procedure at step
6 in <xref href="../Administering/ad00361_.dita" scope="local"></xref></info>
</step>
<step>
    <cmd>View and amend the IP address that is configured for the <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> if necessary.</cmd>
    <info>If the network interface IP address of the <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> has changed since the backup operation,
     you cannot log in to it.  After you are to log in to the <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>, you can then change the IP address by
     following the procedure in <xref href="../AdministeringWebUI/ad00197_.dita" scope="local"
     />.</info>
   </step>
<step><cmd>View and amend the IP address that is configured for the
SNMP agent if necessary.</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>From the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>, select <uicontrol>Monitoring </uicontrol><uicontrol>>SNMP
Settings</uicontrol></cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>At <uicontrol>SNMP Agent Address</uicontrol>, click <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol></cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>In the window that open, select an address from the
addresses in the drop-down list.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol></cmd></substep>
</substeps>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003240?>
