<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="va_installing" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Installing <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> for
Developers</title>
<shortdesc><ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> for
Developers is an open virtual appliance (OVA) package that you can
import into your virtualization environment.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Virtualization software compatibility</dt>
<dd><ph conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> for
Developers is compatible with the following virtualization software:<ul>
<li>Oracle VirtualBox 4 or later</li>
<li>VMware Fusion 5 or later</li>
<li>VMware Player 5</li>
<li>VMware Workstation 8</li>
<li>VMware ESX/ESXi 4 or later</li>
</ul></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Minimum system requirements</dt>
<dd>The host system must have these minimum system requirements:<ul>
<li>A 2-core 64-bit processor with VT-x/AMD-V support</li>
<li>4 GB RAM, with a minimum of 2 GB available for the virtual appliance<p>By default, the OVA is
configured to run with 4 GB RAM. You can change this value to a lower setting. For more information,
see the restrictions section and the installation steps.</p></li>
<li>16 GB of available space on a hard disk</li>
</ul></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Supported browsers</dt>
<dd>To use <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> for
Developers, you need access to one of the supported browsers. For
more information about the supported browsers, see the appendix.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Restrictions</dt>
<dd><ph conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> for
Developers has the following restrictions:<ul>
<li>HA is not supported.</li>
<li><ph conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> for
Developers does not support as many simultaneous connections as the
physical <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> appliance. </li>
<li><ph conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> for
Developers does not support the same message rate as the physical <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> appliance. </li>
<li>After <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> for
Developers is started in the virtualization software, the image cannot
be cloned. However, if the virtualization software supports the ability
to keep the UUID when you move the virtual machine, the virtual machine
can be moved. For more information, see the documentation for your
virtualization software.</li>
<li>Running <ph conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> for Developers
with 2 GB of RAM restricts the system to only basic loads. Running <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> for Developers with 3 GB of RAM
enables the system to handle larger loads. However, some memory intensive functions, such as
firmware upgrades, do not work. Running <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> for Developers with 4 GB of RAM
enables the system to handle most development-level workloads.</li>
<li>Only two 1GbE network adapters are configured. Any further adapters
that are configured in the virtualization software have no effect.<note>Both
network adapters are configured for bridged networking. The adapters
have access to the same networks as the real adapters on the host
system. If your host system is not connected to an external network,
you can change one of the virtual image network adapters to be host-only.
You can then use DHCP for that adapter, or select a fixed IP address
in the same subnet as the address of the host-only network adapter.
For more information about how to configure host-only networking,
see the documentation for your virtualization software.</note></li>
</ul></dd>
</dlentry></dl></prereq>
<steps>
<step><cmd>On the server where you are running the virtual image,
edit the BIOS settings to enable virtualization</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Install virtualization software to which you can deploy
the OVA package</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>In your virtualization software, import the <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> for
Developers virtual image OVA package:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>For Oracle VirtualBox, select <uicontrol>File > Import Appliance</uicontrol></choice>
<choice>For VMware Workstation and VMware Player, select <uicontrol>File
> Open</uicontrol></choice>
<choice>For VMware Fusion, select <uicontrol>File > Import</uicontrol></choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step importance="optional"><cmd>Change the memory allocation for
the OVA package:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>For Oracle VirtualBox, select the virtual image and click <uicontrol>Settings</uicontrol>.
Then, select <uicontrol>System</uicontrol> entry, and adjust the <uicontrol>Base
Memory</uicontrol> value on the <uicontrol>Motherboard</uicontrol> tab.</choice>
<choice>For VMware Workstation and VMware Player, select the virtual
image and click <uicontrol>Edit virtual machine settings</uicontrol>.
 Then, select <uicontrol>Memory</uicontrol> and adjust the memory
allocation.</choice>
<choice>For VMware Fusion, select the virtual image and click Settings.
Then, select <uicontrol>Processors &amp; Memory</uicontrol>, and adjust
the memory allocation.</choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step><cmd>Start the virtual image and wait for it to load</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>At the login prompt, enter the default user ID, <codeph>admin</codeph></cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>At the password prompt, enter the default password, <codeph>admin</codeph></cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Complete the setup wizard:</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Select which interface to configure. To accept the default, <codeph>eth0</codeph>,
press enter.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Choose whether to use DHCP. You must enter <codeph>yes</codeph> or <codeph>no</codeph>.
Abbreviations are not accepted.</cmd><info><p>If you choose to use
DHCP, skip to step <xref format="dita"
href="va_installing.dita#va_installing/postDHCP" scope="local"
type="step"></xref></p></info></substep>
<substep><cmd>Enter the IP address for the interface in classless
inter-domain routing (CIDR) format.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Enter the gateway for the interface.</cmd></substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step id="postDHCP"><cmd>Open a supported browser and connect to the <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> by
entering the IP address that is displayed on screen.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>At the login prompt, enter the default user ID (<codeph>admin</codeph>)
and the default password (<codeph>admin</codeph>), and click <uicontrol>Log
in</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Accept the license agreement.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Follow the steps on the <wintitle>First Steps</wintitle> page
to complete the setup.</cmd></step>
</steps>
<postreq> <p>You can verify that the installation was successful by completing
the installation verification procedure. For more information, see <xref
format="dita" href="va_verifying.dita" scope="local" type="task"></xref>.<note>For
the virtual appliance to function correctly, you must set the correct
timezone, date, and time on the virtual appliance:<ul>
<li>For VMware software, you can set the timezone, date, and time
by using the <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>,
or by using the <cmdname>timezone set</cmdname> and <cmdname>datetime
set</cmdname> commands on the command line. For more information,
see the <ph
conref="../../com.ibm.ism.doc/TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> information
center.</li>
<li>For Oracle VirtualBox, ensure that the <uicontrol>Hardware clock
in UTC</uicontrol> option is enabled.</li>
</ul><?Pub Caret -2?></note></p> </postreq>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000008104?>
