<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="admin00016" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Topic Monitoring</title>
<shortdesc>View live, aggregated topic data about publications, subscribers,
messages, and publishers.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>Topics are not monitored automatically because maintaining statistics
for many topic monitors might affect the performance of <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>. You must define
specific topic monitors in order to get information about those monitored
subtrees. Predefined queries can be run to view the following metrics: </p>
<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Topics with Most Messages Published </dt>
<dd>This query shows the monitored subtrees that are published to
the most. Use this statistic to understand how much traffic a topic
is producing. A higher than expected figure might indicate that there
is an issue that requires further investigation. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Topics with Most Subscribers</dt>
<dd>This query shows the monitored subtrees that are subscribed to
the most. Use this information to understand how many unique subscribers
there are for a particular topic. If you have many subscribers to
a particular topic, you might want to consider subdividing the topic
string to make it more precise. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Topics with Most Messages Rejected </dt>
<dd>This query shows the monitored subtrees with the highest occurrence
of a publication which could not be buffered for 1 or more subscribers.
The publish completed because the quality of service allowed it to
complete. This statistic might indicate that the queue depth is at
the maximum limit, and as a result no more messages can be published.
Investigation into why the messages are not being removed from the
queue might be required. For example, you might consider changing
a messaging policy to increase the maximum messages of subscribers
in a subtree, or changing subscribing applications so that they consume
messages at a faster rate.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Topics with Most Failed Publishes</dt>
<dd>This query shows the monitored subtrees that have the highest
occurrence of publications which failed. This statistic might indicate
that publishers are publishing to an incorrect topic string, or publishing
to topics for which they are not authorized. Alternatively, the failure
might be because a subscriber did not buffer a message with a high
quality of service. You might want to consider changing a messaging
policy to increase the maximum number of messages that subscribers
can buffer.   </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Topics with Least Messages Published </dt>
<dd>This query shows how much traffic a topic is producing. A lower
than expected figure might indicate that there is an error. If a topic
has zero publications, then you might want to investigate why no traffic
is generated on that topic. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Topics with Least Subscribers</dt>
<dd>This query shows the monitored subtrees that are subscribed to
the least. Use this information to understand how many subscribers
there are for a particular topic. If a topic has no subscribers, then
you might want to stop publishing to that topic in future. Alternatively,
it might be that the topic is publishing an incorrect string, or that
subscribers are subscribing to an incorrect string. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Topics with Least Messages Rejected </dt>
<dd>This query shows the monitored subtrees that have the lowest occurrence
of messages which failed. This statistic might indicate that the maximum
queue depth can be reduced, or provide an indication that the topic
is in a healthy state.</dd>
</dlentry></dl><?Pub Caret 123?></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Topics with Least Failed Publishes</dt>
<dd>This query shows the monitored subtrees that have the lowest occurrence
of publications which failed. This statistic might indicate that publishers
have the appropriate authorization, or that there are little or no
problems with incorrect strings. Any specific publishes which are
rejected, can be investigated.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul>
<p></p>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000004449?>
