<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="admin00026new" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Viewing disconnected MQTT client-related statistics by using
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph></title>
<shortdesc>Use the disconnected MQTT clients monitor to view unconnected
MQTT client statistics.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>You can view unconnected MQTT client monitoring statistics by using the <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>, or by using a <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPI"/>. For more
    information about using a <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPI"/> to view inactive
    MQTT client monitoring statistics, see <xref href="admin00027.dita"/>. For more information
    about the predefined queries that you can run, see <xref format="dita" href="admin00025.dita"
     scope="local" type="concept">MQTT Client monitoring</xref>.</p><?Pub Caret 24?></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>From the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>,
select <menucascade><uicontrol>Monitoring</uicontrol><uicontrol> Disconnected
MQTT Clients</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd importance="optional">Enter a value into <uicontrol>Client
ID</uicontrol>. The default value is <userinput>*</userinput>. </cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Refresh</uicontrol> to generate the output
in the MQTT clients table.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd importance="optional">You can limit the number of clients
that are added to the table by selecting an value of 10, 25, 50, or
100. The default value is 10.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd
conref="admin00020.dita#admin00020/EnterAValueIntoFilterClickApplyFilt"
importance="optional">Enter a value into <uicontrol>Filter</uicontrol>,
and click <uicontrol>Apply Filter</uicontrol>, and then click <uicontrol>Refresh</uicontrol> to
change the visibility of the MQTT client data that is shown in the
table. </cmd></step>
<step><cmd importance="optional">To <uicontrol>Delete</uicontrol> a
client (and any subscriptions that are associated with the client),
complete the following steps:</cmd><info><ol>
<li>From the MQTT client table, select the client that you want to
delete.</li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Actions</uicontrol>, and select <uicontrol>Delete
Client</uicontrol> to delete the client, and any subscriptions that
are associated with the client.</li>
</ol></info></step>
</steps>
<result><p>The <uicontrol>Timestamp</uicontrol> is updated to show
the time that query is generated.</p><p>The MQTT Clients table is
updated to display the results of the query and any filter that is
applied to those results.</p><p
conref="admin00014.dita#admin00014/YouCanViewTheTotalNumberOfItemsThat"></p></result>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002948?>
