<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="admin00070" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Viewing protocol plug-in monitoring statistics by using an external application</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc> External monitoring applications can access protocol plug-in process data that is published by <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance" /> by subscribing to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance" /> topic <filepath>$SYS/ResourceStatistics/Plugin</filepath>.</shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<taskbody>
<prereq>
<p id="ToPublishMonitoringDataOnATopicTheS">To publish monitoring data on the protocol plug-in process, the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance" /> server must be running.</p>
<p conref="admin00040.dita#publishingstatisticsonmonitoringtopics/ThePublishedDataIsInJSONFormat.TheP" />
<p id="ForMoreInformationAboutMonitoringBy">For more information about monitoring by using an external application, see <xref format="dita" href="admin00008_.dita" scope="local" type="concept">Monitoring and reporting</xref>.</p>
</prereq>
<context>
<p>Monitoring data is automatically published every 60 seconds to the topic string <filepath>$SYS/ResourceStatistics/Plugin</filepath>. </p>
<p id="InMQTTYouCannotSubscribeToASYSTopic">In MQTT, you cannot subscribe to a <filepath>$SYS</filepath> topic if you specify <parmname>cleanSession</parmname>=<userinput>0</userinput>. In JMS, you cannot subscribe to a <filepath>$SYS</filepath> topic if you use a durable subscription.</p>
</context>
<steps>
<step>
<cmd id="CreateAnEndpoint.YouCanUseThisEndpo">Create an endpoint. You can use this endpoint to connect your external monitoring application to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> and create a monitoring subscription. For more information about configuring an endpoint, see <xref format="dita" href="../Administering/ad00360_.dita" scope="peer" type="concept">Configuring message hubs</xref>.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd id="StrengthenYourSecurityByConfiguring" importance="optional">Strengthen your security by configuring this endpoint specifically for monitoring, with connection and messaging policies to restrict access to monitoring data that is published on the topic root <filepath>$SYS</filepath>.</cmd>
<info id="ForMoreInformationAboutConfiguringC">For more information about configuring connection and messaging policies, see <xref format="dita" href="../Administering/ad00360_.dita" scope="peer" type="concept">Configuring message hubs</xref>.</info>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Connect your external application to the endpoint that you created in step 1, and subscribe to the topic string <filepath>$SYS/ResourceStatistics/Plugin</filepath>. </cmd>
</step>
</steps>
<result>
<p id="TheFollowingInformationIsMadeAvaila">The following information is made available to the monitoring application:</p>
<ul>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Version</dt>
<dd>String</dd>
<dd>Specifies the version of server.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>NodeName</dt>
<dd>String</dd>
<dd>Specifies the name of the server.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl id="TimestampDateTimeSpecifiesTheDateAn">
<dlentry>
<dt>TimeStamp</dt>
<dd>Date/Time</dd>
<dd>Specifies the date and time in ISO8601 format.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>ObjectType</dt>
<dd>String</dd>
<dd>Specifies the type of object that you are monitoring.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>HeapSizeMB</dt>
<dd>Numeric</dd>
<dd>The size, in megabytes, of  the <tm trademark="Java" tmtype="tm">Java</tm> heap.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>HeapUsedPercent</dt>
<dd>Numeric</dd>
<dd>The amount of the heap, expressed as a percentage, that is currently in use.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>GCRate</dt>
<dd>Numeric</dd>
<dd>The rate of garbage collection activity expressed as the number of garbage collections per minute.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>CPU</dt>
<dd>Numeric</dd>
<dd>CPU usage by the plug-in process expressed as a percentage of a single processor.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
</ul>
</result>
<example>
<p id="TheFollowingExampleShowsAMonitoring">The following example shows a monitoring message that contains monitoring data about the protocol plug-in process. </p>
<codeblock>{
"Version":"1.2.0.3",
"NodeName":"myserver",
"TimeStamp":"2015-09-22 14:32:02+04:00",
"ObjectType":"Plugin",
"HeapSizeMB":512,
"HeapUsedPercent":12,
"GCRate":3,
"CPU":1
}</codeblock>
<?Pub Caret 351?>
</example>
</taskbody>
</task><?tm 1462281225655 1 Java ?>
