<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="admin00024" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Viewing subscription-related statistics by using <ph
   conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPIs"/></title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can view subscription-related statistics by using <ph
   conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPIs"/>. </shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>System administrators can view subscription-related statistics by using a <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPI"/>, or by using the <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>. For more information about using the <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> to view subscription-related statistics,
    see <xref format="dita" href="admin00023.dita" scope="local" type="task">Viewing
     subscription-related statistics by using the GUI</xref>.</p></context>
<steps>
<stepsection>Subscription-related monitoring statistics can be viewed by using a <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPI"/>. To create
    subscription-related monitoring statistics, complete the following steps:</stepsection>
   <step>
    <cmd>Use the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API GET method with the
     following <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> configuration URI:</cmd>
    <info>
     <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/monitor/&lt;Object Type></codeph></p>
    </info>
   </step>
   <step>
    <cmd>Provide query parameters requesting the statistics that you want returned in the JSON
     payload. The following example uses cURL to create subscription-related statistics:</cmd>
    <info>
     <codeblock>curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/monitor/Subscription?SubName=<varname>SubName</varname>%26SubType=<varname>SubType</varname>%26ClientID=<varname>ClientID</varname>%26TopicString=<varname>TopicString</varname>%26ResultCount=<varname>ResultCount</varname>%26StatType=<varname>StatType</varname>%26MessagingPolicy=<varname>MessagingPolicy</varname></codeblock>
     <p>where:</p>
     <ul>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>SubName</dt>
         <dd>The subscription name is the name that is associated with the subscription. <p>Asterisk
            <parmname>*</parmname> matches 0 or more characters. </p><p>The default value is
            <parmname>*</parmname>.</p></dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>TopicString</dt>
         <dd>The topic string is the name of the topic that the subscription is subscribed
           to.<p>Asterisk <parmname>*</parmname> matches 0 or more characters. </p><p>The default
           value is <parmname>*</parmname>.</p></dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>ClientID</dt>
         <dd>Specifies the client ID. The client ID is the id of the client that owns the
           subscription.<p>Asterisk <parmname>*</parmname> matches 0 or more characters. </p><p>The
           default value is <parmname>*</parmname>.</p></dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>SubType</dt>
         <dd>Specifies the type of subscription to collect monitoring data about. </dd>
         <dd>This value can be one of the following values:<ul>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>Durable</dt>
              <dd>Returns monitoring data only for durable subscriptions. Durable subscriptions
               survive a server restart unless the subscription is deleted. </dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>Nondurable</dt>
              <dd>Returns monitoring data only for non-durable subscriptions. Non-durable
               subscriptions do not survive a server restart.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>All</dt>
              <dd>Returns monitoring data for both durable and non-durable subscriptions.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
          </ul></dd>
         <dd>The default value is <parmname>All</parmname>.</dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>StatType</dt>
         <dd>Specifies the type of data to order the results by.</dd>
         <dd>This value can be one of the following values:<ul>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>PublishedMsgsHighest</dt>
              <dd>Subscriptions that receive the highest number of messages.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>PublishedMsgsLowest</dt>
              <dd>Subscriptions that receive the lowest number of messages.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>BufferedMsgsHighest</dt>
              <dd>Subscriptions with the highest number of published messages that are waiting to be
               sent to the client.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>BufferedMsgsLowest</dt>
              <dd>Subscriptions with the lowest number of published messages that are waiting to be
               sent to the client.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>BufferedPercentHighest</dt>
              <dd>Subscriptions with the highest relative number of buffered messages as a
               percentage of the total number of messages that can be buffered.</dd>
              <dd>The <codeph>MaxMessages</codeph> value in the messaging policy for a subscription
               defines the maximum number of messages that can be buffered. This value is a
               guideline, rather than an absolute limit. If the system is running under stress, then
               the number of buffered messages on a subscription might be slightly higher than the
                <codeph>MaxMessages</codeph> value.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>BufferedPercentLowest</dt>
              <dd>Subscriptions with the lowest relative number of buffered messages as a percentage
               of the total number of messages that can be buffered.</dd>
              <dd>The <codeph>MaxMessages</codeph> value in the messaging policy for a subscription
               defines the maximum number of messages that can be buffered. </dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>BufferedHWMPercentHighest</dt>
              <dd>Subscriptions with the highest peaks of buffered messages as a percentage of the
               total number of messages that can be buffered. That is, the subscriptions that have
               come closest to reaching the maximum messages limit. </dd>
              <dd>The <codeph>MaxMessages</codeph> value in the messaging policy for a subscription
               defines the maximum number of messages that can be buffered. </dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>BufferedHWMPercentLowest</dt>
              <dd>Subscriptions with the lowest peaks of buffered messages as a percentage of the
               total number of messages that can be buffered. That is, the subscriptions that have
               stayed furthest from the maximum messages limit.</dd>
              <dd>The <codeph>MaxMessages</codeph> value in the messaging policy for a subscription
               defines the maximum number of messages that can be buffered. </dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>RejectedMsgsHighest</dt>
              <dd>Subscriptions with the highest number of rejected messages. Rejected messages are
               messages that could not be published to a subscription because the maximum number of
               buffered messages is reached.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>RejectedMsgsLowest</dt>
              <dd>Subscriptions with the lowest number of rejected messages. Rejected messages are
               messages that could not be published to a subscription because the maximum number of
               buffered messages is reached.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>DiscardedMsgsHighest</dt>
              <dd>Subscriptions with the highest number of discarded messages. Discarded messages
               are messages that could not be published to a subscription because the buffer is
               full.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>DiscardedMsgsLowest</dt>
              <dd>Subscriptions with the lowest number of discarded messages. Discarded messages are
               messages that could not be published to a subscription because the buffer is
               full.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>ExpiredMsgsHighest</dt>
              <dd>Subscriptions with the highest number of expired messages. </dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>ExpiredMsgsLowest</dt>
              <dd>Subscriptions with the lowest number of expired messages. </dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt> AllUnsorted</dt>
<dd>Lists all durable and non-durable subscriptions. </dd>
<dd>Any value that is specified for <parmname>ResultCount</parmname> is ignored, so setting
<parmname>StatType</parmname>  to <userinput>AllUnsorted</userinput> can result in a large number of
responses being generated.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
          </ul></dd>
         <dd>The default value is <varname>PublishedMsgsHighest</varname>.</dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>ResultCount</dt>
         <dd>Specifies the number of results to display. <p>Options available for selection are 10,
           25, 50, and 100. </p><p>The default value is <parmname>25</parmname>.</p></dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
     </ul>
    </info>
   </step><?Pub Caret 193?>
</steps>
  <result>
   <p>The following fields are returned: <ul>
     <li>
      <dl>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>SubName</dt>
        <dd>String</dd>
        <dd>The name that is associated with the subscription. This value can be an empty string for
         a non-durable subscription.</dd>
       </dlentry>
      </dl>
     </li>
     <li>
      <dl>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>TopicString</dt>
        <dd>String</dd>
        <dd>The topic on which the subscription is subscribed.</dd>
       </dlentry>
      </dl>
     </li>
     <li>
      <dl>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>ClientID</dt>
        <dd>String</dd>
        <dd>The Client ID of the client that owns the subscription.</dd>
       </dlentry>
      </dl>
     </li>
     <li>
      <dl>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>IsDurable</dt>
        <dd>Boolean</dd>
        <dd>This value indicates whether the subscription is durable or non-durable. Durable
         subscriptions survive server restarts unless the subscription is explicitly deleted.</dd>
       </dlentry>
      </dl>
     </li>
     <li>
      <dl>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>BufferedMsgs</dt>
        <dd>Numeric</dd>
        <dd>The number of published messages that are waiting to be sent to the client.</dd>
       </dlentry>
      </dl>
     </li>
     <li>
      <dl>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>BufferedMsgsHWM</dt>
        <dd>Numeric</dd>
        <dd>The highest number of buffered messages since the server was started or the subscription
         was created, whichever is most recent.</dd>
       </dlentry>
      </dl>
     </li>
     <li>
      <dl>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>BufferedPercent</dt>
        <dd>Numeric</dd>
        <dd>The percentage of the maximum buffered messages that the current buffered messages
         represent.</dd>
       </dlentry>
      </dl>
     </li>
     <li>
      <dl>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>MaxMessages</dt>
        <dd>Numeric</dd>
        <dd>The maximum number of buffered messages that are allowed for this subscription.</dd>
       </dlentry>
      </dl>
     </li>
     <li>
      <dl>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>PublishedMsgs</dt>
        <dd>Numeric</dd>
        <dd>The number of messages that are published to this subscription since the server was
         started or the subscription was created, whichever is most recent.</dd>
       </dlentry>
      </dl>
     </li>
     <li>
      <dl>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>RejectedMsgs</dt>
        <dd>Numeric</dd>
        <dd>The number of messages that are rejected because the maximum number of buffered messages
         was reached when the messages were published to the subscription. </dd>
       </dlentry>
      </dl>
     </li>
     <li>
      <dl>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>BufferedHWMPercent</dt>
        <dd>Numeric</dd>
        <dd>The peak number of buffered messages, as a percentage of the maximum number of messages
         that can be buffered.</dd>
       </dlentry>
      </dl>
     </li>
     <li>
      <dl>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>IsShared</dt>
        <dd>Boolean</dd>
        <dd>This value indicates whether the subscription is shared.</dd>
       </dlentry>
      </dl>
     </li>
     <li>
      <dl>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>Consumers</dt>
        <dd>Numeric</dd>
        <dd>The number of consumers that the subscription has.</dd>
       </dlentry>
      </dl>
     </li>
     <li>
      <dl>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>DiscardedMsgs</dt>
        <dd>Numeric</dd>
        <dd>The number of messages that are not delivered because they were discarded when the
         buffer became full.</dd>
       </dlentry>
      </dl>
     </li>
     <li>
      <dl>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>ExpiredMsgs</dt>
        <dd>Numeric</dd>
        <dd>The number of messages that are not delivered because they expired.</dd>
       </dlentry>
      </dl>
     </li>
     <li>
      <dl>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>MessagingPolicy</dt>
        <dd>String</dd>
        <dd>The name of the messaging policy that is in use by the subscription.</dd>
        <dd>For a globally shared subscription this will be a subscription policy name, otherwise it
         will be a topic policy name.</dd>
        <dd>Asterisk * matches 0 or more characters.</dd>
        <dd>The default value is *.</dd>
       </dlentry>
      </dl>
     </li>
    </ul></p>
  </result>
<example>
   <p>The following example uses cURL to show how a GET method is used to create statistics about
    subscriptions that are subscribed to a topic called DemoTopic:</p>
   <codeblock>curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/monitor/Subscription?TopicString=DemoTopic
 
 </codeblock>
   <p>The following example shows a successful example response to the GET method that was used to
    create statistics about subscriptions that are subscribed to a topic called DemoTopic:</p>
   <codeblock>{ "Version":"v1", "Subscription": [{"SubName":"DemoSubscription","TopicString":"DemoTopic","ClientID":"Demo ID","IsDurable":"True","BufferedMsgs":0,
"BufferedMsgsHWM":0,"BufferedPercent":0.0,"MaxMessages":5123,"PublishedMsgs":0,"RejectedMsgs":0,"BufferedHWMPercent":0.0,
"IsShared":"False","Consumers":1,"DiscardedMsgs":0,"ExpiredMsgs":0, "MessagingPolicy":"DemoTopicPolicy }] }</codeblock>
  </example>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000014569?>
