<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="admin00050" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Viewing store statistics by using an external application</title>
<shortdesc> External monitoring applications can access store data
that is published by <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> by subscribing
to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> topic <filepath>$SYS/ResourceStatistics/Store</filepath>.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq><p
conref="admin00040.dita#publishingstatisticsonmonitoringtopics/ToPublishMonitoringDataOnATopicTheS"></p><p
conref="admin00040.dita#publishingstatisticsonmonitoringtopics/ThePublishedDataIsInJSONFormat.TheP"></p><p
conref="admin00040.dita#publishingstatisticsonmonitoringtopics/ForMoreInformationAboutMonitoringBy"></p></prereq>
<context><p>Monitoring data is automatically published every 2 seconds
to the topic string <filepath>$SYS/ResourceStatistics/Store</filepath>. </p><p
conref="admin00040.dita#publishingstatisticsonmonitoringtopics/InMQTTYouCannotSubscribeToASYSTopic"></p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd
conref="admin00040.dita#publishingstatisticsonmonitoringtopics/CreateAnEndpoint.YouCanUseThisEndpo"></cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd
conref="admin00040.dita#publishingstatisticsonmonitoringtopics/StrengthenYourSecurityByConfiguring"></cmd>
<info
conref="admin00040.dita#publishingstatisticsonmonitoringtopics/ForMoreInformationAboutConfiguringC"></info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Connect your external application to the endpoint that
you created in step 1, and subscribe to the topic string <filepath>$SYS/ResourceStatistics/Store</filepath>. </cmd>
</step>
</steps>
<result><p
conref="admin00040.dita#publishingstatisticsonmonitoringtopics/TheFollowingInformationIsMadeAvaila"></p><ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Version</dt>
<dd>String</dd>
<dd>Specifies the version of server.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>NodeName</dt>
<dd>String</dd>
<dd>Specifies the name of the server.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Timestamp</dt>
<dd>Date/Time</dd>
<dd>Specifies the date and time in ISO8601 format.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Object type</dt>
<dd>String</dd>
<dd>Specifies the type of object that you are monitoring.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>MemoryUsedPercent</dt>
<dd>Numeric</dd>
<dd>Specifies the percentage of persistent memory that is used, and,
therefore, not available.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>DiskUsedPercent</dt>
<dd>Numeric</dd>
<dd>Specifies the percentage of disk space that is used.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>DiskFreeBytes </dt>
<dd>Numeric</dd>
<dd>Specifies the amount of disk space, in bytes, that is available.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li>      <dl><dlentry>
<dt>Pool1TotalBytes</dt>
<dd>Shows the amount of memory, in bytes, in pool 1.</dd>
</dlentry></dl>     </li>
<li>      <dl><dlentry>
<dt>Pool1UsedBytes</dt>
<dd>Shows the amount of memory, in bytes, that is currently in use
in pool 1.</dd>
</dlentry></dl>     </li>
<li>      <dl><dlentry>
<dt>Pool1UsedPercent</dt>
<dd>Shows the percentage of memory that is in use in pool 1.</dd>
</dlentry></dl>     </li>
<li>      <dl><dlentry>
<dt>Pool1RecordSizeBytes</dt>
<dd>Shows the size, in bytes, of each record in pool 1.</dd>
</dlentry></dl>           </li>
<li>      <dl><dlentry>
<dt>Pool1RecordsLimitBytes</dt>
<dd>Shows the overall amount of memory, in bytes, that can be used
by client applications.</dd>
</dlentry></dl>     </li>
<li>      <dl><dlentry>
<dt>Pool1RecordsUsedBytes</dt>
<dd>Shows the amount of memory, in bytes, that is being used for client
records.</dd>
</dlentry></dl>     </li>
<li>      <dl><dlentry>
<dt>ClientStatesBytes</dt>
<dd>Shows the memory allocated for clients which must be remembered
when they are disconnected. In MQTT, these are clients that connected
using a <codeph>cleanSession=0</codeph> setting or clients that connected
and set a will message the quality of service of which is 1 or 2.</dd>
</dlentry></dl>     </li>
<li>      <dl><dlentry>
<dt>QueuesBytes</dt>
<dd>Shows the memory, in bytes, allocated for queues. Memory is allocated
in this category for each queue that is created for point-to-point
messaging.</dd>
</dlentry></dl>     </li>
<li>      <dl><dlentry>
<dt>TopicsBytes</dt>
<dd>Shows the memory, in bytes, allocated for topic records. The server
allocates memory in this category for each topic with a persistent
retained message.</dd>
</dlentry></dl>     </li>
<li>      <dl><dlentry>
<dt>SubscriptionsBytes</dt>
<dd>Shows the memory, in bytes, allocated for durable subscription
records. In MQTT, these are subscriptions for clients that connected
using a <codeph>cleanSession=0</codeph> setting.</dd>
</dlentry></dl>     </li>
<li>      <dl><dlentry>
<dt>TransactionsBytes</dt>
<dd>Shows the memory, in bytes, allocated for transaction records.
The server allocates memory in this category for each transaction.</dd>
</dlentry></dl>     </li>
<li>      <dl><dlentry>
<dt>MQConnectivityBytes</dt>
<dd>Shows the memory, in bytes, allocated for connectivity with <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> queue managers.</dd>
</dlentry></dl>     </li>
<li>      <dl><dlentry>
<dt>Pool2TotalBytes</dt>
<dd>Shows the amount of memory, in bytes, in pool 2.</dd>
</dlentry></dl>     </li>
<li>      <dl><dlentry>
<dt>Pool2UsedBytes</dt>
<dd>Shows the amount of memory, in bytes, that is currently in use
in pool 2.</dd>
</dlentry></dl>     </li>
<li>      <dl><dlentry>
<dt>Pool2UsedPercent</dt>
<dd>Shows the percentage of memory that is in use in pool 2.</dd>
</dlentry></dl>     </li>
<li>      <dl><dlentry>
<dt>IncomingMessageAcksBytes</dt>
<dd>Shows the memory, in bytes, allocated for acknowledging incoming
messages. The server allocates memory in this category for MQTT clients
that connected using a <codeph>cleanSession=0</codeph> setting and
are publishing messages the quality of service of which is 2. This
memory is used to ensure once-and-once-only delivery.</dd>
</dlentry></dl><?Pub Caret 201?>     </li>
</ul></result>
<example><p>The following example shows statistical information about
the usage of the persistent (non-volatile) memory and disk.</p>  
 <codeblock>{
"Version":"1.2",
"NodeName":"mar#678",
"TimeStamp":"2014-08-22T06:54:17.462Z",
"ObjectType":"Store",
"DiskUsedPercent":16,
"DiskFreeBytes":33043476480,
"MemoryUsedPercent":0,
"MemoryTotalBytes":268434944,
"Pool1TotalBytes":187904512,
"Pool1UsedBytes":128,
"Pool1UsedPercent":0,
"Pool1RecordsLimitBytes":93952256,
"Pool1RecordsUsedBytes":128,
"Pool2TotalBytes":80530432,
"Pool2UsedBytes":315392,
"Pool2UsedPercent":0</codeblock></example>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000006882?>
