<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="admin00035" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Viewing store statistics by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph></title>
<shortdesc>Use the Server Dashboard or the Server Monitor to view statistics about <ph
   conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> persistent memory.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>You can view <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> store statistics by
    using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>, by using a <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPI"/>, or by using an
    external monitoring application. For more information about using a <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPI"/> to view <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> store statistics, see <xref
     format="dita" href="admin00036.dita" scope="local" type="task">Viewing store statistics by
     using a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPI"/></xref>.
    For more information about using an external application to view <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> store statistics, see <xref
     format="dita" href="admin00050.dita" scope="local" type="task">Viewing store statistics by
     using an external application</xref>. For more information about the statistical data that you
    can view, see <xref format="dita" href="admin00034.dita" scope="local" type="concept">Store
     monitoring</xref>.</p></context>
<steps>
<step>
    <cmd>From the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>, you can view information
     about <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> persistent memory by using
     the Server Dashboard and the Server Monitor.</cmd>
    <choices>
     <choice>To view the Server Dashboard select <uicontrol>Home</uicontrol> from the <ph
       conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> main menu. Use the <uicontrol>Server
       Memory Usage</uicontrol> graph to understand persistent memory usage over a period of time. </choice>
     <?Pub Caret 168?>
     <choice>To view the Server Monitor, select <menucascade>
       <uicontrol>Monitoring </uicontrol>
       <uicontrol> Server</uicontrol>
      </menucascade> from the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> main menu. Use
      the information to understand a current snapshot of persistent store statistics. Click
       <uicontrol>Refresh</uicontrol> to update the statistical information displayed. The
       <uicontrol>Timestamp</uicontrol> is updated to show the time that refreshed data is
      generated.</choice>
    </choices>
   </step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002706?>
