<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="admin00019" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Queue Monitoring</title>
<shortdesc>View individual, live data for a specified queue, or queues. </shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>Predefined queries can be run to view the following metrics: </p>
<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Queues with Most Messages Buffered </dt>
<dd>This query shows if a backlog of messages is building on a queue.
You might want to start consuming applications, or stop producing
applications to decrease the number of buffered messages. If the number
of messages on a queue is nearing the maximum queue depth, then you
might want to increase the maximum queue depth. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Queues with Most Messages Produced</dt>
<dd>This query shows how much traffic is generated on a queue. A higher
than expected figure might indicate that there is an issue that requires
further investigation. If the number of messages produced is much
greater than the number consumed, then you might want to undertake
additional investigation. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Queues with Most Messages Consumed</dt>
<dd>This query shows how much traffic is taken from a queue. A higher
than expected figure might indicate that there is an issue that requires
further investigation. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Queues with Most Messages Expired</dt>
<dd>This query shows the queues with the highest number of messages
that have expired. A higher than expected figure might indicate that
the value of the messaging policy parameter <codeph>MaxMessageTimeToLive</codeph> has
been set too low. Alternatively, the application that is producing
the messages might have set too low a value for message expiry. The
time that is set for message expiry is the lower of the values set
in <codeph>MaxMessageTimeToLive</codeph> and the value set by the
producing application. If you have not set a value for this parameter,
or have set it to have a value of <codeph>unlimited</codeph>, you
might expect no messages to expire. However, if the producing application
has set a message expiry value, messages will expire in the time set
by the application.</dd>
</dlentry></dl><?Pub Caret 307?></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Queues with Most Producers</dt>
<dd>This query shows how many unique producers are sending messages
to a particular queue. This query can detect queues that are under
the greatest load. If you have a queue with many producers, then you
might want to review the maximum queue depth to ensure that it is
adequate, or you might want to stop some producers from sending messages
to the queue. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Queues with Most Consumers</dt>
<dd>This query shows how many unique consumers there are for a particular
queue. This query can detect queues that are under the greatest load.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>Queues that have come closest to capacity</dt>
<dd>This query shows the queues that have the highest peaks of buffered messages as a percentage of
       the total number of messages that can be buffered. That is, the queues that have come closest
       to reaching the Max Messages limit. If you are using a <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPI"/>, this percentage
       is displayed as <codeph>BufferedHWMPercent</codeph>. </dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>Queues that have stayed furthest from capacity</dt>
<dd>This query shows the queues that have the lowest peaks of buffered messages as a percentage of
       the total number of messages that can be buffered. That is, the queues that have stayed
       furthest from the Max Messages limit. If you are using a <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPI"/>, this percentage
       is displayed as <codeph>BufferedHWMPercent</codeph>. </dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Queues with Least Messages Buffered </dt>
<dd>This query shows the queues with the lowest number of messages
that are buffered. This information might indicate that a queue is
in a healthy state, or might indicate a requirement to investigate
whether the queue is being under-utilized.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Queues with Least Messages Produced</dt>
<dd>This query shows the queues with the lowest number of messages
produced. Use this statistic to understand the number of messages
on a queue. A lower than expected figure might indicate that there
is an error. If a queue has zero messages, then you might want to
investigate why there is no traffic that is generated on that queue. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Queues with Least Messages Consumed</dt>
<dd>This query shows how many messages are being consumed from a particular
queue. If no messages are being consumed, then there could be an error
that is preventing messages from being received by consumers.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Queues with Least Messages Expired</dt>
<dd>This query shows the queues with the lowest number of messages
that have expired. If queues are getting full and messages are being
rejected (failing to put), the value of the messaging policy parameter <codeph>MaxMessageTimeToLive</codeph> has
been set too high. If you amend the setting of this parameter to a
lower value, more messages would expire rather than being rejected.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Queues with Least Producers</dt>
<dd>This query shows the number of unique producers that send messages
to a queue. A lower than expected figure might indicate that there
is a problem. If no producers are sending messages to a particular
queue, then you might want to investigate why. For example, there
might be an error that is preventing producers from sending messages
to a particular queue. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Queues with Least Consumers</dt>
<dd>This query shows how many unique consumers there are for a particular
queue. If no messages are being consumed, then you might not want
to send any messages to that queue in the future. Alternatively, there
might be an error that is preventing consumers from accessing a particular
queue.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul>
<p><note>For each enabled destination mapping rule that maps from <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> to an <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> queue, the monitoring
data reports that there are two producers. These producers are created
by the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/mqBridge"></ph> process.
One producer is used for persistent, transactional messages, and one
producer is used for nonpersistent, non-transactional messages.</note></p>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000006807?>
