<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="admin00008_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Monitoring and reporting</title>
<shortdesc>Monitoring provides a picture of the health of <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>. You can monitor <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> to understand
how it is being used, and watch for potential problems.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> has built-in monitoring capability in both
   the <ph>WebUI</ph> and <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPIs"/>. You can also write
   you own monitoring applications to monitor data remotely. </p>
<note type="important">If multiple users are using monitoring tasks at the same time, it has a
   negative performance impact on the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
   server.</note>
<section><title>Monitoring by using an external application</title><p> Nonpersistent monitoring messages are automatically published every 2 seconds from the <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> server to fixed topics that have a
    reserved topic root of <filepath>$SYS</filepath>. For example,
     <filepath>$SYS/ResourceStatistics/&lt;ObjectType></filepath>, where
     <filepath>ObjectType</filepath> is one of the following values: <filepath>Endpoint</filepath>,
     <filepath>Topic</filepath>, <filepath>Memory</filepath>, or <filepath>Store</filepath>.
    Subscription-based monitoring can be used by external monitoring applications. The monitoring
    applications must subscribe to the fixed monitoring topics or sub topics in order to receive the
    monitoring data that is published by <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"
    />. To receive monitoring data, a monitoring client must subscribe to one or more
     <filepath>$SYS/ResourceStatistics</filepath> topics. Monitoring applications that are
    configured to subscribe to <filepath>#</filepath>, cannot receive messages that are published on
     <filepath>$SYS</filepath> or on a subtopic of <filepath>$SYS</filepath>. To subscribe to all
    available published monitoring data, use the number sign (#) as a wildcard to subscribe to
     <filepath>$SYS/ResourceStatistics/#</filepath>. For more information about wildcards, see <xref
     format="dita" href="../Overview/ov00032.dita" scope="local" type="concept"
    >Wildcards</xref>.</p><p>For
High Availability, monitoring data is published only from the primary
node. Monitoring data is not published during the initial node synchronization
process at start time. </p></section>
<section><title>Monitoring by using SNMP</title><p>You can configure <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> to use Simple
Network Management Protocol (SNMP) to monitor resource usage. <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> supports SNMPv2c.
When SNMP is enabled, you can query <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> statistics by
using an SNMP client that supports v2C.  </p><p>The <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> SNMP Management
Information Base (MIB) object identifier (OID) that you can use when
querying the MIB is <codeph>1.3.6.1.4.1.2.6</codeph>. You can download
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> MIB files
and import them in to your client for improved browsing.  </p><p>You
can register SNMP trap subscribers to receive alerts about <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> volatile memory
and persistent store thresholds and hardware sensor notifications. </p><p>The
following <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> monitoring
statistics are available from the SNMP agent when the status of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server is <codeph>Running
(production)</codeph> and it is not in standby mode:<ul>
<li>Runtime status of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server</li>
<li>Memory</li>
<li>Store</li>
<li>Server</li>
<li>Endpoints</li>
<li>Subscriptions</li>
<li>Connections</li>
<li>Topics</li>
</ul></p><p>When the status of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server is <codeph>Running
(maintenance)</codeph> or it is in standby mode, only the runtime
status of the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server
is available.</p><p>When a clean store operation is in progress, or
the status of the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> server
is <codeph>Stopped</codeph>, <codeph>StoreStarting</codeph>, or <codeph>Unknown</codeph>,
the server state might be the only data available.</p><p>For more
information about configuring SNMP for <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>, see <xref
format="dita" href="../Administering/ad00510_.dita" scope="peer"
type="concept">Configuring SNMP</xref>.</p></section>
<section><p>The following topics describe the different categories
of monitoring data that can be reported on <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>:</p><?Pub Caret 79?></section>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000005235?>
