<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="admin00032" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Viewing MQ Connectivity statistics by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph></title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can view destination mapping rule-related
statistics by using the MQ Connectivity monitor in the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>. </shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>You can view destination mapping rule statistics by using the <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>, or by using a <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPI"/>. For more
    information about using a <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPI"/> to view destination
    mapping rule statistics, see <xref href="admin00033.dita"/>. For more information about the
    predefined queries that you can run, see <xref format="dita" href="admin00031.dita"
     scope="local" type="concept">MQ Connectivity monitoring</xref>.</p><p>You can use the hover help over <uicontrol>Status</uicontrol> to
view more information about why a particular rule might be unavailable
or restarting. A status of <uicontrol>Enabled</uicontrol> usually
indicates that the rule is operating normally. However, it is possible
that messages might not be published for other reasons. For example,
a connected client might not be authorized to publish on a particular
topic. </p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>From the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>,
select <menucascade><uicontrol>Monitoring</uicontrol><uicontrol> MQ
Connectivity</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd importance="optional">Enter a value into <uicontrol>Rule
Name</uicontrol>. The default value is <userinput>*</userinput>. </cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd importance="optional">Enter a value into <uicontrol>Queue
Manager Connection</uicontrol>. The default value is <userinput>*</userinput>. </cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd importance="optional">Enter a value into <uicontrol>Rule
Type</uicontrol>. The default value is <userinput>Any</userinput>. </cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd importance="optional">Enter a value into <uicontrol>Query</uicontrol> to
select the predefined query that you want to run. The default value
is <userinput>Rules with most commit operations</userinput>. </cmd>
</step><?Pub Caret 26?>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Refresh</uicontrol> to generate the output
in the table.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd importance="optional">You can change the number of rules
that are added to the table by selecting a value of 10, 25, 50, or
100. </cmd></step>
<step><cmd
conref="admin00020.dita#admin00020/EnterAValueIntoFilterClickApplyFilt"
importance="optional">Enter a value into <uicontrol>Filter</uicontrol>,
and click <uicontrol>Apply Filter</uicontrol>, and then click <uicontrol>Refresh</uicontrol> to
change the visibility of the MQTT client data that is shown in the
table. </cmd></step>
</steps>
<result><p>The <uicontrol>Timestamp</uicontrol> is updated to show
the time that query is generated.</p><p>The table is updated to display
the results of the query and any filter that is applied to those results.</p><p
conref="admin00014.dita#admin00014/YouCanViewTheTotalNumberOfItemsThat"></p></result>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003460?>
