<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="admin00031" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>MQ Connectivity monitoring</title>
<shortdesc>View destination mapping rule-related data based on predefined
queries. MQ Connectivity monitoring helps you to understand the health
of your enterprise by highlighting any destination mapping rules that
are not operating normally.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>MQ Connectivity monitoring can aid problem determination in an
enterprise where <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> and <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> are used. </p>
<p>You can use MQ Connectivity monitoring to help you to understand
the message flow between <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> and <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph>. MQ Connectivity
monitoring can be used to highlight the health of message processing
through provision of statistics about the numbers of messages that
are sent by using a particular rule or rules. For example, you can
check the number of rollback operations to understand if there might
be a problem with sending or receiving messages because a queue is
full, or because a queue manager is not available.</p><?Pub Caret 320?>
<p> If you know that there is an issue with a particular rule, then
you can use the MQ Connectivity monitoring queries to find information
about that rule. You can find this information by filtering on rule
name and checking the associated information about status, number
of committed messages, and number of rollbacks. If there is a problem
with a particular queue manager, then you can filter on the <parmname>Queue
manager connection</parmname> field to get statistics relating to
that queue manager. These statistics can help you to diagnose a problem.
For example, the information that is provided in the <parmname>Status</parmname> field
might indicate that the queue manager must be restarted by an administrator.</p>
<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Rule Name</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the destination mapping rule to collect
data about.</dd>
<dd>You can use an asterisk (*) as a wildcard to specify a group of
destination mapping rules. For example, to view the status of all
destination mapping rules that start with <codeph>MQ</codeph>, use <codeph>MQ*</codeph>. </dd>
<dd>The default value is <codeph>*</codeph>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Queue Manager Connection</dt>
<dd>Specifies the queue manager connection that the destination mapping
rule must be associated with.</dd>
<dd>You can use an asterisk (*) as a wildcard to specify a group of
queue manager connections. For example, to view the status of all
destination mapping rules that are associated with queue managers
that start with <codeph>MQ</codeph>, use <codeph>MQ*</codeph></dd>
<dd>The default value is <codeph>*</codeph>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Rule Type</dt>
<dd>Specifies the type of rule to return monitoring data for.</dd>
<dd>You can specify one of the following values:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Any</dt>
<dd>Returns destination mapping rules of all types.</dd>
<dd>This value is the default value.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Message Gateway topic to MQ queue</dt>
<dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> topic to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> queue.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Message Gateway topic to MQ topic</dt>
<dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> topic to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> topic.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>MQ queue to Message Gateway topic </dt>
<dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> queue to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> topic.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>MQ topic to Message Gateway topic</dt>
<dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> topic to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> topic.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Message Gateway topic subtree to MQ queue</dt>
<dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> topic subtree
to  <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> queue.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Message Gateway topic subtree to MQ topic</dt>
<dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> topic subtree
to  <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> topic.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Message Gateway topic subtree to MQ topic subtree</dt>
<dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> topic subtree
to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> topic
subtree.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>MQ topic subtree to Message Gateway topic </dt>
<dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> topic subtree
to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> topic.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>MQ topic subtree to Message Gateway topic subtree</dt>
<dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> topic subtree
to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> topic
subtree.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Message Gateway queue to MQ queue</dt>
<dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> queue to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> queue.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Message Gateway queue to MQ topic</dt>
<dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> queue to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> topic.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>MQ queue to Message Gateway queue</dt>
<dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> queue to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> queue.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>MQ queue to Message Gateway topic</dt>
<dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> queue to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> topic.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>MQ topic to Message Gateway queue</dt>
<dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> topic to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> queue.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>MQ topic subtree to Message Gateway queue</dt>
<dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"></ph> topic subtree
to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> queue.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul>
<p>You can then run one of the following predefined queries:</p>
<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Rules with most commit operations</dt>
<dd>The destination mapping rule with the highest number of completed
commit operations. The number of commit operations is increased when
a batch of persistent messages is sent successfully. One commit operation
can commit many messages. Nonpersistent messages with a QoS of 0 are
not batched.</dd>
<dd>This rule is the default value.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Rules with most rollback operations</dt>
<dd>The destination mapping rule with the highest number of completed
rollback operations. An increase in the number of rollback operations
might indicate a problem. For example, a queue might be full or a
queue manager might not be running. However, the number of rollback
operations can also increase if no subscribers are currently connected
to the queue manager to receive the message, or if a rule is disabled.
When a rule is disabled, any transaction that is in progress is rolled
back. The messages are re-sent when the rule is re-enabled.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Rules with most persistent messages</dt>
<dd>The destination mapping rule with the highest number of persistent
messages that are sent by using that rule.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Rules with most nonpersistent messages</dt>
<dd>The destination mapping rule with the highest number of nonpersistent
messages that are sent by using that rule.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Rules with most committed messages</dt>
<dd>The destination mapping rule with the highest number of committed
messages. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000009277?>
