<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002--><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?><?Pub Inc?><concept id="admin00034" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Store Monitoring</title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>You can use the Server Dashboard or the <wintitle>Server Monitor</wintitle> or <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPIs" /> to view metrics on
  the store (persistent memory and disk).</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>You can view statistical information about the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance" /> persistent store. The persistent store
   statistics provide information about the usage of persistent memory and disk. These statistics
   describe how much persistent memory is being used, and by which category of owner: transactions,
   client states, queues, subscriptions, topics with retained messages, MQ connectivity. You can use
   the <uicontrol>Server Memory Usage</uicontrol> graph on the <wintitle>Home</wintitle> page of the
    <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" /> to understand persistent memory usage
   over a period of 24 hours so that you can take appropriate action to continue efficient
   operation. If your persistent memory is approaching full capacity, investigate how much memory is
   being used by the various owner categories.</p>
<p>There are 2 pools of memory in the persistent store:<ul>
<li>Pool 1 contains records for topics that have retained messages,
durable subscriptions, queues, clients, and connectivity with <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> queue managers. </li>
<li>Pool 2 contains records of acknowledgements with MQTT clients. </li>
</ul></p>
<p>Use the Server Dashboard on the <wintitle>Home</wintitle> page, or the <wintitle>Server
    Monitor</wintitle> page to view the following statistics about <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> persistent memory: </p>
<ul>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>MemoryUsedPercent</dt>
<dd>Shows the percentage of persistent memory that is used, and, therefore,
is not available.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>DiskUsedPercent</dt>
<dd>Shows the percentage of disk space that is used.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>DiskFreeBytes</dt>
<dd>Shows the amount of disk space, in bytes, that is available.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>Pool1TotalBytes</dt>
<dd>Shows the amount of memory, in bytes, in pool 1.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>Pool1UsedBytes</dt>
<dd>Shows the amount of memory, in bytes, that is currently in use
in pool 1. </dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>Pool1UsedPercent</dt>
<dd>Shows the percentage of memory that is in use in pool 1.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>Pool1RecordSizeBytes</dt>
<dd>Shows the size, in bytes, of each record in pool 1.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>Pool1RecordsLimitBytes</dt>
<dd>Shows the overall amount of memory, in bytes, that can be used
by client applications. If this limit is exceeded, publications and
subscriptions might be rejected.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>Pool1RecordsUsedBytes</dt>
<dd>Shows the amount of memory, in bytes, that is being used for client
records. If this value exceeds the value of <codeph>Pool1RecordsLimitBytes</codeph>,
publications and subscriptions might be rejected.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>ClientStatesBytes</dt>
<dd>Shows the memory allocated for clients that must be remembered
when they are disconnected. In MQTT, these are clients that connected
using a <codeph>cleanSession=0</codeph> setting or clients that connected
and set a will message the quality of service of which is 1 or 2.</dd>
</dlentry></dl>                 <p>To reduce the amount of store memory
that is being used for this category, you can disconnect and delete
MQTT clients by using either: <ul>
<li>The <uicontrol>Disconnected MQTT Clients</uicontrol> monitoring
page in the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" />,
or </li>
<li>The <ph conref = "../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API DELETE method. For more information about using the <ph conref = "../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API DELETE method, see <xref href="../Reference/cmd_delete_config.dita" />.  </li>
</ul> To prevent clients from connecting with a setting of <codeph>cleanSession=0</codeph>,
you can either:<ul>
<li>Edit the connection policy in the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" />: clear the <uicontrol>Allow
Clients with Durable Subscriptions</uicontrol> check box, or</li>
<li>Edit the connection policy to set the <parmname>AllowDurable</parmname> parameter to
<codeph>False</codeph> by using the <ph conref = "../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API POST method. For more        information about using the <ph conref = "../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API POST method, see <xref href="../Reference/MsgHubCmd/cmd_create_update_conpol.dita" />.</li>
</ul> </p> </li>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>QueuesBytes</dt>
<dd>Shows the memory, in bytes, allocated for queues. Memory is allocated
in this category for each queue that is created for point-to-point
messaging.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>TopicsBytes</dt>
<dd>Shows the memory, in bytes, allocated for topics. The server allocates memory in this category
       for each topic with a persistent retained message.<p>A large amount of store memory being
        consumed by this category indicates that the server is retaining messages for a large number
        of topics. To reduce the amount of store memory that is being used by this category, publish
        retained messages on a smaller number of topics. You can remove individual retained messages
        by publishing zero-length messages on the same topic. Retained messages can also be removed
        by the message expiration facility if message expiration is being used; check the value of
         <parmname>MaxMessageTimeToLive</parmname> parameter of your topic policy.</p></dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>SubscriptionsBytes</dt>
<dd>Shows the memory, in bytes, allocated for durable subscription
records. In MQTT, these are subscriptions for clients that connected
using a <codeph>cleanSession=0</codeph> setting.<p>To reduce the amount
of store memory that is being used by this category, you can disconnect
clients and delete subscriptions by using either: <ul>
<li>The <uicontrol>Subscriptions</uicontrol> monitoring page in the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" />, or </li>
<li>The <ph conref = "../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API DELETE method. For more information about using the <ph conref = "../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API DELETE method, see <xref href="../Reference/cmd_delete_config.dita" />. </li>
</ul>To prevent clients from connecting with a setting of <codeph>cleanSession=0</codeph>,
you can either:<ul>
<li>Edit the connection policy in the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" />: clear the <uicontrol>Allow
Clients with Durable Subscriptions</uicontrol> check box, or</li>
         <li>Edit the connection policy to set the <parmname>AllowDurable</parmname> parameter to
         <codeph>False</codeph> by using the <ph conref = "../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API POST method. For more           information about using the <ph conref = "../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API POST method, see <xref href="../Reference/MsgHubCmd/cmd_create_update_conpol.dita" />.</li>
</ul></p></dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>TransactionsBytes</dt>
<dd>Shows the memory, in bytes, allocated for transaction records.
The server allocates memory in this category for each transaction.<p> During
normal operation, most of the store memory being used by this category
is for transactions that are being used internally by <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance" /> for
a variety of purposes which ensure the consistency of its operations.
To reduce the amount of store memory that is being by this category,
reduce the workload of the server so that fewer internal transactions
are used. Transactions continue to be created after the <codeph>Pool1RecordsLimitBytes</codeph> has
been exceeded.</p></dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>MQConnectivityBytes</dt>
<dd>Shows the memory, in bytes, allocated for connectivity with <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> queue managers.<p>To reduce the amount of
        store memory that is being used by this category, review your destination mapping rules and
        remove any unnecessary rules. You can modify and review destination mapping rules by using either:<ul>
         <li>The <uicontrol>MQ Connectivity</uicontrol> page that you can select from
           the<uicontrol>Messaging</uicontrol> menu in the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" />, or </li>
        <li>The <ph conref = "../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API POST method or the <ph conref = "../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API GET method. For more information about editing and viewing destination mapping rules, see            <xref href="../Administering/ad00110_.dita" />. </li>
        </ul></p></dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>Pool2TotalBytes</dt>
<dd>Shows the amount of memory, in bytes, in pool 2.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>Pool2UsedBytes</dt>
<dd>Shows the amount of memory, in bytes, that is currently in use
in pool 2.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>Pool2UsedPercent</dt>
<dd>Shows the percentage of memory that is in use in pool 2.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>IncomingMessageAcksBytes</dt>
<dd>Shows the memory, in bytes, allocated for acknowledging incoming
messages. The server allocates memory in this category for MQTT clients
that connected using a <codeph>cleanSession=0</codeph> setting and
are publishing messages the quality of service of which is 2. This
memory is used to ensure once-and-once-only delivery.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
</ul>
</conbody>

</concept><?Pub *0000009302?><?tm 1462281224506 10 IBM ?>
