<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="admin00022" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Subscription Monitoring</title>
<shortdesc>View live subscription data, delete durable subscriptions,
and query subscriptions across several metrics.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>You can view the following subscription metrics: </p>
<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Subscriptions with Most Messages Published</dt>
<dd>This query shows the subscriptions to which the most messages
are successfully published since the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> server
was started or the subscription was created, whichever is the most
recent. This statistic increments when a message is accepted by the
subscription. Use this statistic to see which subscriptions and applications
are the most active. You might use this information for further investigation.
For example, a figure that is higher than expected might indicate
a rogue publisher. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Subscriptions with Most Messages Buffered</dt>
<dd>This query shows the subscriptions with the highest number of
published messages that are waiting to be sent to the client. Subscriptions
with high numbers of buffered messages can increase memory consumption.
You might want to end, or delete, subscribing applications that have
a high number of buffered messages if memory is limited. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Subscriptions with Highest % of Messages Buffered</dt>
<dd>This query shows the relative number of messages that are buffered,
as a percentage of the total number of messages that can be buffered.
If the buffer reaches 100%, then messages are rejected. You can use
this statistic to understand which subscriptions are reaching full
capacity. You might want to change the messaging policy to have a
higher number of buffered messages to allow for subscriptions that
are nearing 100%. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Subscriptions with Most Messages Rejected</dt>
<dd>This query shows the subscriptions with the most rejected messages.
Rejected messages are messages that are sent by a publisher after
the buffer is full. If many client IDs have messages that are rejected,
then you might want to increase the size of the buffer by changing
the messaging policy. This new value is applied to new subscriptions.
To apply the change to existing subscriptions, you must end the subscription
and then reinstate it. Stopping and restarting a subscription might
result in lost messages. If these messages are critical you might
want to stop the publisher, ensure that all messages are received
by the subscriber, restart the subscription, and then restart the
publisher. Alternatively you might want to verify that client IDs
with a high number of rejected messages are active and able to receive
messages. If the highest number of rejected messages is returned as
0, then this information can be used to confirm that no messages are
rejected. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Subscriptions with Most Messages Expired</dt>
<dd>This query shows the subscriptions with the highest number of
expired messages since the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> server
was started or the subscription was created, whichever is the most
recent. A higher than expected figure might indicate that the value
of the messaging policy parameter <codeph>MaxMessageTimeToLive</codeph> is
too low. Alternatively, the application that is publishing or sending
the messages might set too low a value for message expiry. The time
that is set for message expiry is the lower of the values set in <codeph>MaxMessageTimeToLive</codeph> and
the value set by the application. If you do not set a value for this
parameter, or set it to have a value of <codeph>unlimited</codeph>,
you might expect no messages to expire. However, if the publishing
application sets a message expiry value on the messages, messages will expire
in that time.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Subscriptions with Most Messages Discarded</dt>
<dd>This query shows the subscriptions with the highest number of
messages that are not delivered because they were discarded when the
buffer became full. This value pertains to the period since the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> server
was started or the subscription was created, whichever is the most
recent. If a higher number than expected of messages is being discarded,
consider the value that is specified on the <parmname>MaxMessages</parmname> parameter
on the messaging policy; it might be too low.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>Subscriptions that have come closest to capacity</dt>
<dd>This query shows the subscriptions that have the highest peaks of buffered messages as a
       percentage of the total number of messages that can be buffered. That is, the subscriptions
       that have come closest to reaching the Max Messages limit. If you use a <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPI"/>, this percentage
       is displayed as <codeph>BufferedHWMPercent</codeph>. </dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Subscriptions with Least Messages Published</dt>
<dd>This query shows the subscriptions to which the least messages
are successfully published since the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> server
was started or the subscription was created, whichever is the most
recent.  Use this statistic to see which subscriptions and applications
are the least active. You might use this information for further investigation.
For example, a figure that is lower than expected might indicate that
there is a problem with a subscriber. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Subscriptions with Least Messages Buffered</dt>
<dd>This query shows the subscriptions with the lowest number of published
messages that are waiting to be sent to the client. This statistic
indicates which subscribers are the most successful at processing
messages that are received. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Subscriptions with Lowest % of Messages Buffered</dt>
<dd>This query shows the relative number of messages that are buffered,
as a percentage of the total number of messages that can be buffered.
If the buffer reaches 100%, then messages are rejected. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Subscriptions with Least Messages Rejected</dt>
<dd>This query shows the subscriptions with the lowest number of rejected
messages. If messages are rejected, you might want to undertake further
investigation.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Subscriptions with Least Messages Expired</dt>
<dd>This query shows the subscriptions with the lowest number of expired
messages. If subscriptions are getting full and messages are being
rejected (failing to publish or put), the value of the messaging policy
parameter <codeph>MaxMessageTimeToLive</codeph> is too high. If you
amend the setting of this parameter to a lower value, more messages
would expire rather than be rejected.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Subscriptions with Least Messages Discarded</dt>
<dd>This query shows the subscriptions with the lowest number of messages
that are not delivered because they were discarded when the buffer
became full. This value pertains to the period since the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> server
was started or the subscription was created, whichever is the most
recent. If a lower number than expected of messages is being discarded,
check whether the subscription is using the intended messaging policy. Check
whether the <parmname>MaxMessagesBehavior</parmname> parameter in
the messaging policy is to discard old messages; if this parameter
is not set to discard old messages, messages will be rejected rather
than discarded.</dd>
</dlentry></dl><?Pub Caret 539?></li>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>Subscriptions that have stayed furthest from capacity</dt>
<dd>This query shows the subscriptions that have the lowest peaks of buffered messages as a
       percentage of the total number of messages that can be buffered. That is, the subscriptions
       that have stayed furthest from the Max Messages limit. If you use a <ph
        conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPI"/>, this percentage
       is displayed as <codeph>BufferedHWMPercent</codeph>. </dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
</ul>
<p></p>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000008572?>
