<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002--><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?><?Pub Inc?><task id="admin00033" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Viewing MQ Connectivity statistics by using <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPIs" /></title><?Pub Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>System administrators can view destination mapping rule-related statistics by using a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPI" />. </shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>System administrators can view destination mapping rule-related statistics by using a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPI" />, or by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" />. For more information about using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" /> to view destination mapping rule-related
    statistics, see <xref format="dita" href="admin00032.dita" scope="local" type="task">Viewing MQ
     Connectivity statistics by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui">GUI</ph></xref>. For more information about the predefined queries that you can run, see
     <xref format="dita" href="admin00031.dita" scope="local" type="concept">MQ Connectivity
     monitoring</xref>.</p></context>
<steps>
<stepsection>Destination mapping rule-related monitoring statistics can be created by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> REST API GET method . To create destination
    mapping rule-related monitoring statistics, complete the following steps:</stepsection>
   <step>
    <cmd>Use the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> REST API
     GET method with the following <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> monitoring URI:</cmd>
    <info>
     <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port&gt;/ima/v1/monitor/&lt;Object Type&gt;</codeph></p>
    </info>
   </step>
   <step>
    <cmd>Provide query parameters requesting the statistics that you want returned in the JSON
     payload. The following example uses cURL to create MQConnectivity-related statistics:</cmd>
    <info>
     <codeblock>curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/monitor/DestinationMappingRule?Name=<varname>Name</varname>%26RuleType=<varname>RuleType</varname>%26Association=<varname>Association</varname>%26StatType=<varname>StatType</varname>%26ResultCount=<varname>ResultCount</varname></codeblock>
     <p>Where:</p>
     <ul>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>Name</dt>
         <dd>Optional.</dd>
         <dd>Specifies the name of the destination mapping rule to collect data about.</dd>
         <dd>You can use an asterisk (*) as a wildcard to specify a group of destination mapping
          rules. For example, to view the status of all destination mapping rules that start with
           <codeph>MQ</codeph>, use <codeph>MQ*</codeph></dd>
         <dd>The default value is <parmname>*</parmname></dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>RuleType</dt>
         <dd>Optional.</dd>
         <dd>Specifies the type of rule to return monitoring data for.</dd>
         <dd>You can specify one of the following values:<ul>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>IMATopicToMQQueue</dt>
              <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> topic to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> queue.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>IMATopicToMQTopic</dt>
              <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> topic to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> topic.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>MQQueueToIMATopic</dt>
              <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> queue to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> topic.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>MQTopicToIMATopic</dt>
              <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> topic to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> topic.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>IMATopicSubtreeToMQQueue</dt>
              <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> topic subtree to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> queue.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>IMATopicSubtreeToMQTopic</dt>
              <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> topic subtree to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> topic.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>IMATopicSubtreeToMQTopicSubtree</dt>
              <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> topic subtree to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> topic subtree.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>MQTopicSubtreeToIMATopic</dt>
              <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> topic subtree to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> topic.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>MQTopicSubtreeToIMATopicSubtree</dt>
              <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> topic subtree to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> topic subtree.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>IMAQueueToMQQueue</dt>
              <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> queue to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> queue.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>IMAQueueToMQTopic</dt>
              <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> queue to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> topic.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>MQQueueToIMAQueue</dt>
              <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> queue to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> queue.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>MQTopicToIMAQueue</dt>
              <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> topic to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> queue.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>MQTopicSubtreeToIMAQueue</dt>
              <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of the type <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq" /> topic subtree to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> queue.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>Any</dt>
              <dd>Returns destination mapping rules of all types.</dd>
              <dd>This value is the default value.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
          </ul></dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>Association</dt>
         <dd>Optional.</dd>
         <dd>Specifies the queue manager connection that the destination mapping rule must be
          associated with.</dd>
         <dd>You can use an asterisk (*) as a wildcard to specify a group of queue manager
          connections. For example, to view the status of all destination mapping rules that are
          associated with queue managers that start with <codeph>MQ</codeph>, use
           <codeph>MQ*</codeph></dd>
         <dd>The default value is <parmname>*</parmname></dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>StatType</dt>
         <dd>Specifies the type of data to order the results by</dd>
         <dd>This value can be one of the following values:<ul>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>CommitCount</dt>
              <dd>Orders the monitoring data by the number of commit operations that are completed
               for the destination mapping rule. One commit operation can commit many messages.</dd>
              <dd>This value is the default value.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>RollbackCount</dt>
              <dd>Orders the monitoring data by the number of rollback operations that are completed
               for the destination mapping rule.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>PersistentCount</dt>
              <dd>Orders the monitoring data by the number of persistent messages that are sent by
               using the destination mapping rule.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>NonPersistentCount</dt>
              <dd>Orders the monitoring data by the number of nonpersistent messages that are sent
               by using the destination mapping rule.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>CommittedMessageCount</dt>
              <dd>Orders the monitoring data by the number of messages that are transferred within
               the transactions.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>Status</dt>
              <dd>Orders the monitoring data by the status of the destination mapping rule.</dd>
              <dd>The status field can be one of the following values:<dl>
                <dlentry>
                 <dt>0</dt>
                 <dd> Enabled - the rule is operating normally.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                 <dt>1</dt>
                 <dd> Disabled - the rule is not operating. The rule must be restarted by an
                  administrator.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                 <dt>2</dt>
                <dd> Reconnecting - the rule encountered a problem. <ph conref = "../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> is attempting to restart the rule.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                 <dt>3</dt>
                 <dd> Starting - the rule is being activated.</dd>
                </dlentry>
               </dl></dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
          </ul></dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>ResultCount</dt>
         <dd>Optional.</dd>
         <dd>Specifies the maximum number of results to report.</dd>
         <dd>This value can be one of the following values: 10, 25, 50, 100.</dd>
         <dd>The default value is 10.</dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
     </ul>
    </info>
   </step>
</steps>
  <result>
   <p>The following fields are returned: <ul>
     <li>
      <dl>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>RuleName</dt>
        <dd>String</dd>
        <dd>The name of the destination mapping rule that is monitored.</dd>
       </dlentry>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>QueueManagerConnection</dt>
        <dd>String</dd>
        <dd>The name of the queue manager connection that the destination mapping rule is associated
         with.</dd>
       </dlentry>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>CommitCount</dt>
        <dd>Numeric</dd>
        <dd>The number of commit operations that are completed for the destination mapping rule. One
         commit operation can commit many messages.</dd>
       </dlentry>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>RollbackCount</dt>
        <dd>Numeric</dd>
        <dd>The number of rollback operations that are completed for the destination mapping
         rule.</dd>
       </dlentry>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>CommittedMessageCount</dt>
        <dd>Numeric</dd>
        <dd />
       </dlentry>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>PersitentCount</dt>
        <dd>Numeric</dd>
        <dd>The number of persistent messages that are sent by using the destination mapping
         rule.</dd>
       </dlentry>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>NonpersistentCount</dt>
        <dd>Numeric</dd>
        <dd>The number of nonpersistent messages that are sent by using the destination mapping
         rule.</dd>
       </dlentry>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>Status</dt>
        <dd>Numeric</dd>
        <dd>The value of the status field can be one of the following values:<ul>
          <li>
           <dl>
            <dlentry>
             <dt>0</dt>
             <dd>Enabled.</dd>
             <dd>The rule is operating normally.</dd>
            </dlentry>
           </dl>
          </li>
          <li>
           <dl>
            <dlentry>
             <dt>1</dt>
             <dd>Disabled.</dd>
             <dd>The rule is not operating. The rule must be restarted by an administrator.</dd>
            </dlentry>
           </dl>
          </li>
          <li>
           <dl>
            <dlentry>
             <dt>2</dt>
             <dd>Reconnecting.</dd>
             <dd>The rule encountered a problem. <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM" /> is attempting to restart the rule.</dd>
            </dlentry>
           </dl>
          </li>
          <li>
           <dl>
            <dlentry>
             <dt>3</dt>
             <dd>Starting.</dd>
             <dd>The rule is being activated.</dd>
            </dlentry>
           </dl>
          </li>
         </ul></dd>
       </dlentry>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>ExpandedMessage</dt>
        <dd>String</dd>
        <dd>Additional information on the status of the destination mapping rule, including a reason
         code if applicable.</dd>
       </dlentry>
      </dl>
     </li>
    </ul></p>
  </result>
<example>
   <p>The following example uses cURL to show how a GET method is used to create statistics about
    destination mapping rules with a IMATopicToMQQueue rule type. The data is ordered by commit
    count:</p>
   <codeblock>curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/monitor/DestinationMappingRule?Name=*%26RuleType=IMATopicToMQQueue%26StatType=CommittedMessageCount
 
 </codeblock>
   <p>The following example shows a successful example response to the GET method that was used to
    create statistics about destination mapping rules with a IMATopicToMQQueue rule type:</p>
   <codeblock>{ "Version":"v1", "DestinationMappingRule": [ {"RuleName":"MyDestinationMappingRule","QueueManagerConnection":"QM1","CommitCount":1,
"RollbackCount":0,"CommittedMessageCount":0,"PersistentCount":0,"NonpersistentCount":0,"Status":3 } ] }
</codeblock>
  </example>
</taskbody>

</task><?Pub *0000013669?><?tm 1462281224226 1 IBM ?>
