<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="admin00014" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Viewing connection level statistics by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph></title>
<shortdesc>Use the connection monitor to view live, aggregated connection
data, and to query the best and worst performing connections across
several connection metrics.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>You can view connection monitoring statistics by using the <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>, or by using <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPI"/>. For more
    information about using a <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPI"/> to view connection
    monitor statistics, see <xref href="admin00012.dita"/>. For more information about the
    predefined queries that you can run, see <xref format="dita" href="admin00009.dita"
     scope="local" type="concept">Connection monitoring</xref>.</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>From the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>,
navigate to the <wintitle>Connections</wintitle> page by selecting <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Monitoring</uicontrol><uicontrol>Connections</uicontrol>
</menucascade>.</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>To view active connections in real time, complete the following
steps:<ol>
<li>From the <wintitle>Connections</wintitle> page, go to the Connection
Chart pane.<p>The Connection Chart displays the number of active connections
to the server over a period, and the number of new connections per
second. The number of connections per second shows the average number
of connections added during the previous second. This metric gives
an indication of how active new connections are. For example, there
might be a high turnover of connections and disconnections every second
but the number of new connections might vary. New connections generate
an extra load on the server, and therefore server health is important
during these peaks. A message throughput of 0 might indicate that
less than one message is received or sent per second. For example,
a device that publishes intermittent messages about GPS position. </p></li>
<li>Optional. To pause chart updates, click <uicontrol>Pause chart
updates</uicontrol> located beneath the chart.</li>
</ol></choice>
<choice>To view statistics on the best or worst performing connections
for a particular endpoint and metric, complete the following steps:<ol>
<li>From the Connection Data section on the <wintitle>Connections</wintitle> page,
select the name of the endpoint that you want to monitor from the
drop-down list in <uicontrol>Endpoint</uicontrol>. To monitor all
endpoints, select <userinput>All</userinput>.</li>
<li>In <uicontrol>Query</uicontrol>, select the <xref format="dita"
href="admin00009.dita" scope="local" type="concept">predefined query</xref> that
you want to filter on. </li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Refresh</uicontrol> to generate the output in
the connection monitor table.</li>
<li id="Filter">Optional. Enter a value into <uicontrol>Filter</uicontrol> to
change the visibility of the data that is shown in the table. The
filter is applied to the maximum of items that are returned by the
query. </li>
</ol></choice>
</choices><?Pub Caret -1?>
<info></info></step>
</steps>
<result><p>The connection chart and connection monitor table are updated
to display the results of the query and any filter that is applied
to those results. </p><p id="YouCanViewTheTotalNumberOfItemsThat">You
can view the total number of items that are returned in the <uicontrol>Total</uicontrol> field.
You can see the number of items that are selected in the <uicontrol>Selected</uicontrol> field.
You can move through the table of results by using <uicontrol>Next
Page</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Previous Page</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>Go
to a specific page</uicontrol>. You can change the number of items
to view per page by selecting from the available options. </p></result>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000004179?>
