<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="publishingstatisticsonmonitoringtopics" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Viewing endpoint level statistics by using an external application</title>
<shortdesc> External monitoring applications can access endpoint data
that is published by <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> by subscribing
to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> topic <filepath>$SYS/ResourceStatistics/Endpoint</filepath>.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq><p id="ToPublishMonitoringDataOnATopicTheS">To publish monitoring
data on a topic, the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> server
must be running.</p><p id="ThePublishedDataIsInJSONFormat.TheP">The published data is in JSON format. The published data
				always includes <parmname>Version</parmname>, <parmname>NodeName</parmname>,
					<parmname>Timestamp</parmname>, and <parmname>ObjectType</parmname>.
					<parmname>NodeName</parmname> is the name of the server and
					<parmname>ObjectType</parmname> is the name of the object that you are
				monitoring.</p><p
id="ForMoreInformationAboutMonitoringBy">For more information about
monitoring by using an external application, see <xref format="dita"
href="admin00008_.dita" scope="local" type="concept">Monitoring and
reporting</xref>.</p></prereq>
<context><p>Monitoring data is automatically published every 2 seconds
to the topic string <filepath>$SYS/ResourceStatistics/Endpoint</filepath>.
The name of the monitored endpoint is included in the message. If
there are multiple instances of an endpoint, then the statistics of
each instance are published in a separate message. </p><p
id="InMQTTYouCannotSubscribeToASYSTopic">In MQTT, you cannot subscribe
to a <filepath>$SYS</filepath> topic if you specify <parmname>cleanSession</parmname>=<userinput>0</userinput>.
In JMS, you cannot subscribe to a <filepath>$SYS</filepath> topic
if you use a durable subscription.</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd id="CreateAnEndpoint.YouCanUseThisEndpo">Create an endpoint.
You can use this endpoint to connect your external monitoring application
to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> and create
a monitoring subscription. For more information about configuring
an endpoint, see <xref format="dita"
href="../Administering/ad00360_.dita" scope="peer" type="concept">Configuring
message hubs</xref>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd id="StrengthenYourSecurityByConfiguring" importance="optional">Strengthen
your security by configuring this endpoint specifically for monitoring,
with connection and messaging policies to restrict access to monitoring
data that is published on the topic root <filepath>$SYS</filepath>.</cmd>
<info id="ForMoreInformationAboutConfiguringC">For more information
about configuring connection and messaging policies, see <xref
format="dita" href="../Administering/ad00360_.dita" scope="peer"
type="concept">Configuring message hubs</xref>.</info></step>
<step><cmd>Connect your external application to the endpoint that
you created in step 1, and subscribe to the topic string <filepath>$SYS/ResourceStatistics/Endpoint</filepath>. </cmd>
</step>
</steps>
<result><p id="TheFollowingInformationIsMadeAvaila">The following
information is made available to the monitoring application:</p><ul>
<li><dl id="VersionStringSpecifiesTheVersionOfA"><dlentry>
<dt>Version</dt>
<dd>String</dd>
<dd>Specifies the version of server.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl id="NodeNameStringSpecifiesTheNameOfThe"><dlentry>
<dt>NodeName</dt>
<dd>String</dd>
<dd>Specifies the name of the server.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl id="TimestampDateTimeSpecifiesTheDateAn"><dlentry>
<dt>Timestamp</dt>
<dd>Date/Time</dd>
<dd>Specifies the date and time in ISO8601 format.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl id="ObjectTypeStringSpecifiesTheTypeOfO"><dlentry>
<dt>Object type</dt>
<dd>String</dd>
<dd>Specifies the type of object that you are monitoring.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Name</dt>
<dd>String</dd>
<dd>Specifies the name of the endpoint that you are monitoring.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Interface</dt>
<dd>String</dd>
<dd>Specifies the name of the ethernet interface that is associated
with the endpoint.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Enabled</dt>
<dd>Boolean</dd>
<dd>Specifies whether the endpoint is enabled. If the endpoint is
enabled and the LastErrorCode is 0, this indicates that the endpoint
is accepting connections. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>TotalConnections</dt>
<dd>Numeric</dd>
<dd>Specifies the total number of connections.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>ActiveConnections</dt>
<dd>Numeric</dd>
<dd>Specifies the number of currently active connections.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>BadConnections</dt>
<dd>Numeric</dd>
<dd>Specifies the number of connections that failed to connect since
reset.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>MsgRead</dt>
<dd>Numeric</dd>
<dd>Specifies the number of messages that are read since reset.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>MsgWrite</dt>
<dd>Numeric</dd>
<dd>Specifies the number of messages that are written since reset.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>BytesRead</dt>
<dd>Numeric</dd>
<dd>Specifies the number of bytes read since reset.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>BytesWrite</dt>
<dd>Numeric</dd>
<dd>Specifies the number of bytes written since reset.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>LostMessageCount</dt>
<dd>Numeric</dd>
<dd>Count of messages since reset that, when published, resulted in
an error. This error can be caused by a number of events. It is usually
caused when a message is published that cannot be accepted by one
or more subscriptions and, because of the quality of service (QoS)
of the message and subscriptions, the publish request fails. The publishing
application receives an error.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>ResetTime </dt>
<dd>Date/Time</dd>
<dd>Specifies the time at which the statistics for the endpoint were
reset. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>WarnMsgs </dt>
<dd>Numeric</dd>
<dd>Count of messages since reset that, when published, resulted in
a warning. This count is increased when a message is published that
cannot be accepted by one or more subscriptions but, because of the
QoS of the message and subscriptions, the publish request does not
fail. Even though the publish request does not fail, this count indicates
that one or more subscriptions are not able to process the messages
that are being published.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></result>
<example><p id="TheFollowingExampleShowsAMonitoring">The following
example shows a monitoring message that contains monitoring data about
an endpoint. </p><codeblock>{ 
	"Version":"1.2",
	"NodeName":"mar#678",
	"TimeStamp":"2014-07-26T12:52:41.226Z",
	"ObjectType":"Endpoint",  
	"Name":"DemoEndpoint", 
	"Interface":192.0.2.0, 
	"Enabled":1, 
	"Total":100, 
	"Active":73, 
	"BadConnections":0, 
	"MsgRead":5000, 
	"MsgWrite":5000, 
	"BytesRead":10000, 
	"BytesWrite":10000,
	"LostMessageCount":0,
	"ResetTime ":"2014-07-13T12:11:42Z",
	"WarnMsgs":0 
}</codeblock><?Pub Caret 351?></example>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000007483?>
