<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="admin00020" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Viewing queue related statistics by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph></title>
<shortdesc>Use the queue monitor to view live, aggregated queue data,
and to query the best and worst performing queues across several connection
metrics. </shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>You can view queue monitoring statistics by using the <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>, or by using <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>. For more information
    about using <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/> to view
    queue monitoring statistics, see <xref href="admin00021.dita"/>. For more information about the
    predefined queries that you can run, see <xref format="dita" href="admin00019.dita"
     scope="local" type="concept">Queue Monitoring</xref>.</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>From the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>,
navigate to the <wintitle>Queues</wintitle> page by selecting <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Monitoring</uicontrol><uicontrol>Queues</uicontrol>
</menucascade>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>In <uicontrol>Queue Name</uicontrol>, enter the value of
the queue you want to monitor. You can enter one of the following
values: </cmd>
<choices>
<choice>A specific queue name.</choice>
<choice>The asterisk sign (*) to select all queues.</choice>
<choice>Part of a queue name in combination with the  asterisk sign
(*)  to select a subset of queues.</choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step><cmd>In <uicontrol>Query</uicontrol>, select the <xref
format="dita" href="admin00019.dita" scope="local" type="concept">predefined
query</xref> that you want to filter on. </cmd></step><?Pub Caret 10?>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Refresh</uicontrol> to generate the output
in the queue monitor table.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd id="EnterAValueIntoFilterClickApplyFilt" importance="optional">Enter
a value into <uicontrol>Filter</uicontrol> to change the visibility
of the data that is shown in the table. The filter is applied to the
maximum of items that are returned by the query. </cmd></step>
</steps>
<result><p>The <uicontrol>Timestamp</uicontrol> is updated to show
the time that query is generated.</p><p>The table is updated with
the results of the query and any filter that is applied to those results.</p><p
conref="admin00014.dita#admin00014/YouCanViewTheTotalNumberOfItemsThat"></p></result>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002708?>
