<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="admin00041" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Viewing topic monitoring statistics by using an external application</title>
<shortdesc> External monitoring applications can access topic data
that is published by <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> by subscribing
to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> topic <filepath>$SYS/ResourceStatistics/Topic</filepath>.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq><p id="ToPublishMonitoringDataOnATopicTheS">To publish monitoring
data on a topic, the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> server
must be running.</p><p id="ThePublishedDataIsInJSONFormat.TheP">The published data is in JSON format. The published data
				always includes <parmname>Version</parmname>, <parmname>NodeName</parmname>,
					<parmname>Timestamp</parmname>, and <parmname>ObjectType</parmname>.
					<parmname>NodeName</parmname> is the name of the server and
					<parmname>ObjectType</parmname> is the name of the object that you are
				monitoring.</p><p
id="ForMoreInformationAboutMonitoringBy">For more information about
monitoring by using an external application, see <xref format="dita"
href="admin00008_.dita" scope="local" type="concept">Monitoring and
reporting</xref>.</p></prereq>
<context><p>Monitoring data is automatically published every 2 seconds
to the topic string <filepath>$SYS/ResourceStatistics/Topic</filepath>.
The name of the monitored topic is included in the message. </p><p
id="InMQTTYouCannotSubscribeToASYSTopic">In MQTT, you cannot subscribe
to a <filepath>$SYS</filepath> topic if you specify <parmname>cleanSession</parmname>=<userinput>0</userinput>.
In JMS, you cannot subscribe to a <filepath>$SYS</filepath> topic
if you use a durable subscription.</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd id="CreateAnEndpoint.YouCanUseThisEndpo">Create an endpoint.
You can use this endpoint to connect your external monitoring application
to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> and create
a monitoring subscription. For more information about configuring
an endpoint, see <xref format="dita"
href="../Administering/ad00360_.dita" scope="peer" type="concept">Configuring
message hubs</xref>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd id="StrengthenYourSecurityByConfiguring" importance="optional">Strengthen
your security by configuring this endpoint specifically for monitoring,
with connection and messaging policies to restrict access to monitoring
data that is published on the topic root <filepath>$SYS</filepath>.</cmd>
<info id="ForMoreInformationAboutConfiguringC">For more information
about configuring connection and messaging policies, see <xref
format="dita" href="../Administering/ad00360_.dita" scope="peer"
type="concept">Configuring message hubs</xref>.</info></step>
<step><cmd>Connect your external application to the endpoint that
you created in step 1, and subscribe to the topic string <filepath>$SYS/ResourceStatistics/Topic</filepath>. </cmd>
</step>
</steps>
<result><p id="TheFollowingInformationIsMadeAvaila">The following
information is made available to the monitoring application:</p><ul>
<li><dl
conref="admin00040.dita#publishingstatisticsonmonitoringtopics/VersionStringSpecifiesTheVersionOfA">
<dlentry>
<dt>Version</dt>
<dd>String</dd>
<dd>Specifies the version of server.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl
conref="admin00040.dita#publishingstatisticsonmonitoringtopics/NodeNameStringSpecifiesTheNameOfThe">
<dlentry>
<dt>NodeName</dt>
<dd>String</dd>
<dd>Specifies the name of the server.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl
conref="admin00040.dita#publishingstatisticsonmonitoringtopics/TimestampDateTimeSpecifiesTheDateAn">
<dlentry>
<dt>Timestamp</dt>
<dd>Date/Time</dd>
<dd>Specifies the date and time in ISO8601 format.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl
conref="admin00040.dita#publishingstatisticsonmonitoringtopics/ObjectTypeStringSpecifiesTheTypeOfO">
<dlentry>
<dt>Object type</dt>
<dd>String</dd>
<dd>Specifies the type of object that you are monitoring.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
				<li>
					<dl>
						<dlentry>
							<dt>TopicString</dt>
							<dd>String</dd>
							<dd>The topic that is being monitored. </dd>
						</dlentry>
					</dl>
				</li>
				<li>
					<dl>
						<dlentry>
							<dt>Subscriptions</dt>
							<dd>Numeric</dd>
							<dd>The number of active subscriptions on the topics that are monitored.
								The figure shows all active subscriptions that match the topic
								string.</dd>
						</dlentry>
					</dl>
				</li>
				<li>
					<dl>
						<dlentry>
							<dt>ResetTime</dt>
							<dd>Date/Time</dd>
							<dd>The time at which the statistics for the topic were reset. The
								ResetTime is usually the time when the topic monitor is
								created.</dd>
						</dlentry>
					</dl>
				</li>
				<li>
					<dl>
						<dlentry>
							<dt>PublishedMsgs</dt>
							<dd>Numeric</dd>
							<dd>The number of messages that are successfully published to a topic
								that matches the wildcarded topic string.</dd>
						</dlentry>
					</dl>
				</li>
				<li>
					<dl>
						<dlentry>
							<dt>RejectedMsgs</dt>
							<dd>Numeric</dd>
							<dd>The number of messages that are rejected by one or more
								subscriptions where the quality of service level did not cause the
								publish request to fail.</dd>
						</dlentry>
					</dl>
				</li>
				<li>
					<dl>
						<dlentry>
							<dt>FailedPublishes</dt>
							<dd>Numeric</dd>
							<dd>The number of publish requests that failed because the message is
								rejected by one or more subscriptions.</dd>
						</dlentry>
					</dl>
				</li>
</ul></result>
<example><p id="TheFollowingExampleShowsAMonitoring">The following
example shows a monitoring message that contains monitoring data about
a topic. </p><codeblock>{ 
	"Version":"1.2",
	"NodeName":"mar#678",
	"TimeStamp":"2014-07-26T12:52:41.226Z",
	"ObjectType":"Topic",  
	"TopicString":"*", 
	"Subscriptions":50, 
	"ResetTime":"2014-07-13T12:11:42Z", 
	"PublishedMsgs":100, 
	"RejectedMsgs":3, 
	"FailedPublishes":0, 
	}</codeblock><?Pub Caret 171?></example>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000006369?>
