<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="admin00021" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Viewing queue-related statistics by using <ph
   conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPIs"/></title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can view queue-related statistics by using a <ph
   conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPI"/>. </shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>System administrators can view queue-related statistics by using the <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>, or by using a <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPI"/>. For more
    information about using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> to view
    queue-related statistics, see <xref format="dita" href="admin00014.dita" scope="local"
     type="task">Viewing queue related statistics by using the GUI</xref>.</p></context>
<steps>
<stepsection>Queue-related monitoring statistics can be viewed by using a <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPI"/>. To create
    queue-related monitoring statistics, complete the following steps:</stepsection>
   <step>
    <cmd>Use the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API
     GET method with the following <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> monitoring URI:</cmd>
    <info>
     <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/monitor/&lt;Object Type></codeph></p>
    </info>
   </step>
   <step>
    <cmd>Provide query parameters requesting the statistics that you want returned in the JSON
     payload. The following example uses cURL to create queue-related statistics:</cmd>
    <info>
     <codeblock>curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/monitor/Queue?Name=<varname>Name</varname>%26StatType=<varname>StatType</varname>%26ResultCount=<varname>ResultCount</varname></codeblock>
     <p>where:</p>
     <ul>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>Name</dt>
         <dd>Optional.</dd>
         <dd>The name of the queue. You can use an asterisk (*) to match 0 or more characters. The
          default value is <parmname>*</parmname>.</dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
       <?Pub Caret 105?>
      </li>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>StatType</dt>
         <dd>Optional.</dd>
         <dd>Specifies the type of data to order the results by.</dd>
         <dd>This value can be one of the following values:<ul>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>BufferedMsgsHighest</dt>
              <dd>Queues with the highest backlog of messages. </dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>BufferedMsgsLowest</dt>
              <dd>Queues with the lowest backlog of messages. </dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>BufferedPercentHighest</dt>
              <dd>Queues with the highest relative number of buffered messages, as a percentage of
               the total number of messages that can be buffered.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>BufferedPercentLowest</dt>
              <dd>Queues with the lowest relative number of buffered messages, as a percentage of
               the total number of messages that can be buffered. </dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>BufferedHWMPercentHighest</dt>
              <dd>Queues with the highest peaks of buffered messages as a percentage of the total
               number of messages that can be buffered. That is, the queues that have come closest
               to reaching the Max Messages limit.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>BufferedHWMPercentLowest</dt>
              <dd>Queues with the lowest peaks of buffered messages as a percentage of the total
               number of messages that can be buffered. That is, the queues that have stayed
               furthest from the Max Messages limit.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>ProducedMsgsHighest </dt>
              <dd>Queues with the highest number of messages that are received from a producer.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>ProducedMsgsLowest</dt>
              <dd>Queues with the least number messages received from a producer.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>ConsumedMsgsHighest </dt>
              <dd>Queues with the greatest number of messages consumed.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>ConsumedMsgsLowest</dt>
              <dd>Queues with the least number of messages consumed.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>ConsumersHighest </dt>
              <dd>Queues with the highest number of consumers.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>ConsumersLowest</dt>
              <dd>Queues with the lowest number of consumers.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>ProducersHighest </dt>
              <dd>Queues with the highest number of producers.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>ProducersLowest</dt>
              <dd>Queues with the lowest number of producers.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>ExpiredMsgsHighest</dt>
              <dd>Queues with the greatest number of expired messages.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
           <li>
            <dl>
             <dlentry>
              <dt>ExpiredMsgsLowest</dt>
              <dd>Queues with the lowest number of expired messages.</dd>
             </dlentry>
            </dl>
           </li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt> AllUnsorted</dt>
<dd>Lists all queue names. </dd>
<dd>Any value that is specified for <parmname>ResultCount</parmname> is ignored, so setting
<parmname>StatType</parmname>  to <userinput>AllUnsorted</userinput> can result in a large number of
responses being generated.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
          </ul></dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
       <p>The default is <varname>BufferedMsgsHighest</varname>.</p>
      </li>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>ResultCount</dt>
         <dd>Optional.</dd>
         <dd>The maximum number of results to return. <p>Options available for selection are 10, 25,
           50, and 100. </p><p>The default is <parmname>25</parmname>.</p></dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
     </ul>
    </info>
   </step>
</steps>
  <result>
   <p>The following fields are returned: <ul>
     <li>
      <dl>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>Name</dt>
        <dd>String</dd>
        <dd>The name of the queue.</dd>
       </dlentry>
      </dl>
     </li>
     <li>
      <dl>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>Producers</dt>
        <dd>Numeric</dd>
        <dd>The number of active producers on the queue.</dd>
       </dlentry>
      </dl>
     </li>
     <li>
      <dl>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>Consumers</dt>
        <dd>Numeric</dd>
        <dd>The number of active consumers on the queue.</dd>
       </dlentry>
      </dl>
     </li>
     <li>
      <dl>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>BufferedMsgs</dt>
        <dd>Numeric</dd>
        <dd>The number of messages that are buffered on the queue and waiting to be consumed.</dd>
       </dlentry>
      </dl>
     </li>
     <li>
      <dl>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>BufferedMsgsHWM</dt>
        <dd>Numeric</dd>
        <dd>The highest number of messages that are buffered on the queue since the server was
         started or the queue was created, whichever is most recent.</dd>
       </dlentry>
      </dl>
     </li>
     <li>
      <dl>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>BufferedHWMPercent</dt>
        <dd>Numeric</dd>
        <dd>The peak number of buffered messages, as a percentage of the maximum number of messages
         that can be buffered.</dd>
       </dlentry>
      </dl>
     </li>
     <li>
      <dl>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>BufferedPercent</dt>
        <dd>Numeric</dd>
        <dd>The number of buffered messages as a percentage of the maximum number of buffered
         messages.</dd>
       </dlentry>
      </dl>
     </li>
     <li>
      <dl>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>MaxMessages</dt>
        <dd>Numeric</dd>
        <dd>The maximum number of buffered messages that are allowed on the queue. This value is a
         guideline, rather than an absolute limit. If the system is running under stress, then the
         number of buffered messages on a queue might be slightly higher than the
          <codeph>MaxMessages</codeph> value.</dd>
       </dlentry>
      </dl>
     </li>
     <li>
      <dl>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>ProducedMsgs</dt>
        <dd>Numeric</dd>
        <dd>The number of messages that are sent to the queue since the server was started or the
         queue was created, whichever is most recent.</dd>
       </dlentry>
      </dl>
     </li>
     <li>
      <dl>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>ConsumedMsgs</dt>
        <dd>Numeric</dd>
        <dd>The number of messages consumed from the queue since the server was started or the queue
         was created, whichever is most recent.</dd>
       </dlentry>
      </dl>
     </li>
     <li>
      <dl>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>RejectedMsgs</dt>
        <dd>Numeric</dd>
        <dd>The number of messages that are not sent to the queue because the maximum number of
         buffered messages is reached.</dd>
       </dlentry>
      </dl>
     </li>
     <li>
      <dl>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>ExpiredMsgs</dt>
        <dd>Numeric</dd>
        <dd>The number of messages that expired on the queue since the server was started or the
         queue was created, whichever is most recent.</dd>
       </dlentry>
      </dl>
     </li>
    </ul></p>
  </result>
<example>
   <p>The following example uses cURL to show how a GET method is used to create statistics about
    queues with the highest backlog of messages:</p>
   <codeblock>curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/monitor/Queue?Name=*%26StatType=BufferedMsgsHighest%26ResultCount=10
 
 </codeblock>
   <p>The following example shows a successful example response to the GET method that was used to
    create statistics about queues with the highest backlog of messages:</p>
   <codeblock>{ "Version":"v1", "Queue": [ { "Name":"MyQueue","Producers":5,"Consumers":2,"BufferedMsgs":50,"BufferedMsgsHWM":40,"BufferedHWMPercent":25,
"BufferedPercent":14,"MaxMessages":134,"ProducedMsgs":14670,"ConsumedMsgs":10145,"RejectedMsgs":100,"ExpiredMsgs":10 }
 ] }
</codeblock>
  </example>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000009976?>
