<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="admin0017new" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Viewing topic monitoring statistics by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph></title><?Pub
Caret 25?>
<shortdesc>Use the topic monitor to view live, aggregated topic data,
and to query the best and worst performing topics across several connection
metrics. </shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>The system administrator can reset the topic monitor data
to zero by stopping and restarting the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> server,
or by deleting and re-creating a specific topic string. If the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> server
is restarted, then all monitored topic data is set to zero. For more
information about restarting the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> server,
see <xref format="dita" href="../Administering/ad00280_.dita"
scope="local" type="concept">Starting and stopping the server</xref>.</p><p>If
you want to set individual topic data to zero, then you must delete
and re-create individual topic strings. For more information about
deleting and re-creating a topic string by using the GUI, see the
following task information.</p><note>Large numbers of topic monitors
might affect the performance of <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph></note><p>You can view topic monitoring statistics by using the <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>, by using <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPIs"/>, or by using an
    external monitoring application. For more information about using <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPIs"/> to view topic
    monitoring statistics, see <xref href="admin00018.dita"/>. For more information about using an
    external application to view topic monitoring statistics, see <xref format="dita"
     href="admin00041.dita" scope="local" type="task">Viewing topic monitoring statistics by using
     an external application</xref>. For more information about the predefined queries that you can
    run, see <xref format="dita" href="admin00016.dita" scope="local" type="concept">Topic
     monitoring</xref>.</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>From the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> select <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Monitoring</uicontrol><uicontrol>Topics</uicontrol>
</menucascade>.</cmd></step>
<step id="AddorDelete"><cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol> icon
to add a topic string to the topic monitor table.</cmd><tutorialinfo>The
string must end with a multi-level wildcard (#) and must contain no
other wildcards. For example, <userinput>EXAMPLE/L2/#</userinput>.
You can specify only the multi-level wildcard (#) to monitor all topics.
To monitor a single topic, that topic must have no child topics. For
example, <userinput>/animals/dogs/labradors/#</userinput> monitors
only the topic <userinput>/animals/dogs/labradors</userinput> if <userinput>labradors</userinput> has
no child topics.</tutorialinfo></step>
<step><cmd>After you add all the topic strings that you want to monitor,
select the <xref format="dita" href="admin00016.dita" scope="local"
type="concept">predefined query</xref> that you want to filter on. </cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Refresh</uicontrol> to sort the topic
strings in the topic monitor table.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd
conref="admin00020.dita#admin00020/EnterAValueIntoFilterClickApplyFilt"
importance="optional">Enter a value into <uicontrol>Filter</uicontrol>,
and click <uicontrol>Apply Filter</uicontrol> to view a subset of
topic strings.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd importance="optional">To delete a topic string, complete
the following steps:</cmd><info><ol>
<li>From the topic monitor table, select the topic string that you
want to delete.</li>
<li>Click the <uicontrol>Delete</uicontrol> icon to remove the topic
string from the monitored list.</li>
</ol></info></step>
</steps>
<result><p>The <uicontrol>Timestamp</uicontrol> is updated to show
the time that query is generated. </p><p>The topic monitor table is
updated to display the results of the query and any filter that is
applied to those results.</p><p
conref="admin00014.dita#admin00014/YouCanViewTheTotalNumberOfItemsThat">The
topic monitor table is updated to display the results of the query.</p></result>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000004597?>
