<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC  "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="admin00010" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Endpoint Monitoring</title>
<shortdesc>Monitor the performance of individual endpoints, in terms
of connection activity and throughput across a specified time frame. </shortdesc>
<conbody>
<section><note><!--Defect 29166-->The endpoint chart displays a snapshot
of data for a particular time interval, and might not show spikes
that occur.  For durations less than 1 hour, the charts are based
on snapshots taken every 5 seconds. For longer durations, the charts
are based on snapshots taken every minute.</note><title>Endpoint Chart</title><p>Use the endpoint chart to view time-series charts for a particular endpoint, metric, and time
    duration. <note>
     <p>Any endpoint that has a name that starts with an exclamation point character (!) is an
      internal pre-configured endpoint. Examples of internal pre-configured endpoints include
       <codeph>!MQConnectivityEndpoint</codeph> and <codeph>!ForwarderEndpoint</codeph>. The
       <codeph>!ForwarderEndpoint</codeph>  is used to connect servers in a cluster. The
      configuration of internal pre-configured endpoints cannot be changed. </p>
    </note></p><p>You can view information about the
following metrics over a specified duration:</p><ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Active connections </dt>
<dd>The number of clients that are connected to an endpoint over a
time period. This number increases and decreases over time as clients
connect, and disconnect from an endpoint.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Cumulative failed connections</dt>
<dd>The number of unexpected disconnects. If you have an endpoint
with a high number of failed connections, then you might want to do
more analysis of that particular endpoint to ascertain whether there
is a problem.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Throughput (msg) </dt>
<dd>Throughput of messages that are sent and received for all connections
that use a particular endpoint.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Throughput (bytes) </dt>
<dd>Throughput of data that is sent and received for all connections
that use a particular endpoint. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Endpoint Data</title><p>Use endpoint data to view
aggregated data for individual endpoints. </p><p>You can view information
about the following metrics over a specified duration:</p><ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Connections established</dt>
<dd>The number of clients that successfully connected to an endpoint
over a time period. If no new connections are established between
the last hour and the last 6 hours, then the value for these fields
remains the same.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Cumulative failed connections</dt>
<dd>The number of unexpected disconnects. If you have an endpoint
with a high number of failed connections, then you might want to do
more analysis of that particular endpoint to ascertain whether there
is a problem.</dd>
</dlentry></dl><?Pub Caret 73?></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Throughput (msg) </dt>
<dd>Aggregated throughput of messages for all connections that use
a particular endpoint.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Throughput (bytes)</dt>
<dd>Aggregated throughput of data for all connections that use a particular
endpoint.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></section>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000003117?>
