<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002--><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?><?Pub Inc?><task id="admin00027" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Viewing MQTT client-related statistics by using <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPIs" /></title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can view MQTT client-related statistics by using a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPI" />. </shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>System administrators can view (dis)connected MQTT client-related statistics by using a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPI" />, or by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" />. For more information about using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui" /> to view disconnected MQTT client-related
    statistics, see <xref format="dita" href="admin00026.dita" scope="local" type="task">Viewing
     MQTT client-related statistics by using the GUI</xref>.</p><?Pub Caret 176?></context>
<steps>
<stepsection>MQTT client-related monitoring statistics can be created by using a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPI" />. To create MQTT
    client-related monitoring statistics, complete the following steps:</stepsection>
   <step>
   <cmd>Use the <ph conref = "../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API GET method with the following <ph conref = "../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> configuration URI:</cmd>
    <info>
     <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port&gt;/ima/v1/monitor/&lt;Object Type&gt;</codeph></p>
    </info>
   </step>
   <step>
    <cmd>Provide query parameters requesting the statistics that you want returned in the JSON
     payload. The following example uses cURL to create MQTT client-related statistics:</cmd>
    <info>
      <codeblock>curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/monitor/MQTTClient?ClientID=<varname>ClientID</varname>%26StatType=<varname>StatType</varname>%26﻿ConnectionState=<varname>﻿&amp;ConnectionState</varname>%26ResultCount=<varname>ResultCount</varname></codeblock>
      <p>Where:</p>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <dl>
            <dlentry>
              <dt>ClientID</dt>
              <dd>Optional.
                <p>Specifies the name of the MQTT Client. </p>
                <p>Asterisk (*) matches 0 or more characters. To use an asterisk (*), you must specify
                  ClientID in the query.</p>
                <p>The default value is <parmname>*</parmname>.</p>
              </dd>
            </dlentry>
          </dl>
        </li>
        <li>
          <dl>
            <dlentry>
              <dt>ResultCount</dt>
              <dd>Optional.
                <p>Specifies the number of results to display. (Ignored if <parmname>StatType</parmname> is set to <userinput>AllUnsorted</userinput>)</p>
                <p>Options available for selection are 10, 25, 50, and 100.</p>
                <p>The default is <parmname>25</parmname>.</p>
              </dd>
            </dlentry>
          </dl>
        </li>
        <li>
          <dl>
            <dlentry>
              <dt>ConnectionState</dt>
              <dd>Optional.
                <p>Lists connected clients, or both connected and disconnected clients.</p>
                <p>This value can be one of the following values:</p>
                <ul>
                  <li>
                    <dl>
                      <dlentry>
                        <dt> Disconnected</dt>
                        <dd>Lists durable clients that are disconnected from <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>. </dd>
                      </dlentry>
                    </dl>
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    <dl>
                      <dlentry>
                        <dt> Connected</dt>
                        <dd>Lists clients that are connected to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>. </dd>
                      </dlentry>
                    </dl>
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    <dl>
                      <dlentry>
                        <dt> All</dt>
                        <dd>Lists all clients, whether they are disconnected, or connected to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>. </dd>
                      </dlentry>
                    </dl>
                  </li>
                </ul>
                <p>The default value is <parmname>Disconnected</parmname>.</p>
              </dd>
            </dlentry>
          </dl>
        </li>
        <li>
          <dl>
            <dlentry>
              <dt>StatType</dt>
              <dd>Optional.
                <p>Specifies the type of data to order the results by.</p>
                <p>This value can be the following values:</p>
                <ul>
                  <li>
                    <dl>
                      <dlentry>
                        <dt> LastConnectedTimeOldest</dt>
                        <dd>The most recent date that the specified client ID connected to <ph
                          conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>. </dd>
                      </dlentry>
                    </dl>
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    <dl>
                      <dlentry>
                        <dt> AllUnsorted</dt>
                        <dd><p>Lists all MQTT client IDs that are connected to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>. </p>
                            <p>Any value that is specified for <parmname>ResultCount</parmname> is ignored, so setting
                            <parmname>StatType</parmname>  to <userinput>AllUnsorted</userinput> can result in a large number of
                            responses being generated.</p></dd>
                      </dlentry>
                    </dl>
                  </li>
                </ul>
                <p>The default value is <parmname>LastConnectedTimeOldest</parmname>.</p>
              </dd>
            </dlentry>
          </dl>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </info>
   </step>
</steps>
  <result>
   <p>The following fields are returned: <ul>
     <li>
      <dl>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>ClientID</dt>
        <dd>String</dd>
        <dd>The Client ID.</dd>
       </dlentry>
      </dl>
     </li>
     <li>
      <dl>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>IsConnected</dt>
        <dd>Boolean</dd>
        <dd>Whether the client is connected to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance" /> server. Only disconnected
         clients are shown.</dd>
       </dlentry>
      </dl>
     </li>
     <li>
      <dl>
       <dlentry>
        <dt>LastConnectedTime</dt>
        <dd>Numeric</dd>
        <dd>Specifies the number of microseconds since the client last connected to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance" /> server.</dd>
       </dlentry>
      </dl>
     </li>
    </ul></p>
  </result>
<example>
   <p>The following example uses cURL to show how a GET method is used to create statistics about a
    disconnected MQTT Client with a Client ID that is set to DemoClientID:</p>
   <codeblock>curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/monitor/MQTTClient?ClientID=DemoClientID</codeblock>
   <p>The following example shows a successful example response to the GET method that was used to
    create statistics about a disconnected MQTT Client with a Client ID that is set to
    DemoClientID:</p>
   <codeblock>{ "Version":"v1", "MQTTClient": [ { "ClientID":"DemoClientID","IsConnected":False,"LastConnectedTime":1446728129213566618 } ] }
</codeblock>
  </example>
</taskbody>
</task><?Pub *0000006738?><?tm 1462281223481 2 IBM ?>
