<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="admin00036" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Viewing store statistics by using <ph
   conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPIs"/></title><?Pub
Caret -2?>
<shortdesc>System administrators can view store-related statistics by using a <ph
   conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPI"/></shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context> <p>System administrators can view statistics about <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> persistent memory by using a <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPI"/>, by using the <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
    />, or by using an external monitoring application. For more information about using the <ph
    conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> to view store-related statistics, see <xref
    format="dita" href="admin00035.dita" scope="local" type="task"
    >Viewing store statistics by using the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
    /></xref>. For more information about using an external application to view store-related statistics, see <xref
    format="dita" href="admin00050.dita" scope="local" type="task"
    >Viewing store statistics by using an external application</xref>.</p></context>
<steps>
   <stepsection>Store-related monitoring statistics can be viewed by using a <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPI"/>. To create
    store-related monitoring statistics, complete the following steps:</stepsection>
   <step>
    <cmd>Use the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API
     GET method with the following <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> monitoring URI:</cmd>
    <info>
     <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/monitor/Store</codeph></p>
    </info>
   </step>
<step>
    <cmd>Provide query parameters requesting the statistics that you want returned in the JSON
     payload. The following example uses cURL to create store-related statistics:</cmd>
    <info>
     <codeblock>curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/monitor/Store?SubType=<varname>SubType</varname>%26Duration=<varname>Duration</varname>%26StatType=<varname>StatType</varname></codeblock>
     <p>Where:<ul>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt><varname>SubType</varname></dt>
          <dd>Optional.</dd>
          <dd>Specifies the time period of data to report.</dd>
          <dd>This value can be one of the following values:<ul>
            <li>
             <dl>
              <dlentry>
               <dt><tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="Current">Current</tm></dt>
               <dd>View a summarized list of store data.</dd>
              </dlentry>
             </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
             <dl>
              <dlentry>
               <dt>History</dt>
               <dd>View a list of store data as selected on the <parmname>StatType</parmname>
                parameter .</dd>
              </dlentry>
             </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
             <dl>
              <dlentry>
               <dt>MemoryDetail</dt>
               <dd>View a detailed list of store memory usage. </dd>
              </dlentry>
             </dl>
            </li>
           </ul>The default value is <parmname>Current</parmname>.</dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt><varname>time</varname></dt>
          <dd>Optional.</dd>
          <dd>Specifies the time span (in seconds) of the data to be collected. <p>Valid value range
            is 1 - 86400.</p><p>The default value is <parmname>1800</parmname>.</p>
          </dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
       <li>
        <dl>
         <dlentry>
          <dt><varname>StatType</varname></dt>
          <dd>Optional.</dd>
          <dd>Specifies the types of data to return when <codeph>SubType</codeph> is set to
            <parmname>History</parmname>.</dd>
          <dd>You can specify multiple values in a comma delimited list. This value can be one of
           the following values:<ul>
            <li>
             <dl>
              <dlentry>
               <dt>MemoryUsedPercent</dt>
               <dd>Shows the percentage of persistent memory that is used, and therefore is not
                available.</dd>
              </dlentry>
             </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
             <dl>
              <dlentry>
               <dt>DiskUsedPercent</dt>
               <dd>Shows the percentage of disk space that is used.</dd>
              </dlentry>
             </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
             <dl>
              <dlentry>
               <dt>DiskFreeBytes</dt>
               <dd>Shows the amount of disk space, in bytes, that is available.</dd>
              </dlentry>
             </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
             <dl>
              <dlentry>
               <dt>Pool1TotalBytes</dt>
               <dd>Shows the amount of memory, in bytes, in pool 1.</dd>
              </dlentry>
             </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
             <dl>
              <dlentry>
               <dt>Pool1UsedBytes</dt>
               <dd>Shows the amount of memory, in bytes, that is currently in use in pool 1.</dd>
              </dlentry>
             </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
             <dl>
              <dlentry>
               <dt>Pool1UsedPercent</dt>
               <dd>Shows the percentage of memory that is in use in pool 1.</dd>
              </dlentry>
             </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
             <dl>
              <dlentry>
               <dt>Pool1RecordSizeBytes</dt>
               <dd>Shows the size, in bytes, of each record in pool 1.</dd>
              </dlentry>
             </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
             <dl>
              <dlentry>
               <dt>Pool1RecordsLimitBytes</dt>
               <dd>Shows the overall amount of memory, in bytes, that can be used by client
                applications. When the pool 1 record limit is reached, records cannot be created for
                topics with retained messages, durable subscriptions, queues, clients, and
                connectivity with <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> queue
                managers.</dd>
              </dlentry>
             </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
             <dl>
              <dlentry>
               <dt>Pool1RecordsUsedBytes</dt>
               <dd>Shows the amount of memory, in bytes, that is being used for client records.</dd>
              </dlentry>
             </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
             <dl>
              <dlentry>
               <dt>ClientStatesBytes</dt>
               <dd>Shows the memory allocated for clients that must be remembered when they are
                disconnected. In MQTT, these are clients that connected using a
                 <codeph>cleanSession=0</codeph> setting or clients that connected and set a will
                message the quality of service of which is 1 or 2.</dd>
              </dlentry>
             </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
             <dl>
              <dlentry>
               <dt>QueuesBytes</dt>
               <dd>Shows the memory, in bytes, allocated for queues. Memory is allocated in this
                category for each queue that is created for point-to-point messaging.</dd>
              </dlentry>
             </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
             <dl>
              <dlentry>
               <dt>TopicsBytes</dt>
               <dd>Shows the memory, in bytes, allocated for topics. The server allocates memory in
                this category for each topic with a persistent retained message.</dd>
              </dlentry>
             </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
             <dl>
              <dlentry>
               <dt>SubscriptionsBytes</dt>
               <dd>Shows the memory, in bytes, allocated for durable subscription records. In MQTT,
                these are subscriptions for clients that connected using a
                 <codeph>cleanSession=0</codeph> setting.</dd>
              </dlentry>
             </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
             <dl>
              <dlentry>
               <dt>TransactionsBytes</dt>
               <dd>Shows the memory, in bytes, allocated for transaction records. The server
                allocates memory in this category for each transaction so that it can complete
                recovery when the server restarts.</dd>
              </dlentry>
             </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
             <dl>
              <dlentry>
               <dt>MQConnectivityBytes</dt>
               <dd>Shows the memory, in bytes, allocated for connectivity with <ph
                 conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/wmq"/> queue managers.</dd>
              </dlentry>
             </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
             <dl>
              <dlentry>
               <dt>Pool2TotalBytes</dt>
               <dd>Shows the amount of memory, in bytes, in pool 2.</dd>
              </dlentry>
             </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
             <dl>
              <dlentry>
               <dt>Pool2UsedBytes</dt>
               <dd>Shows the amount of memory, in bytes, that is currently in use in pool 2.</dd>
              </dlentry>
             </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
             <dl>
              <dlentry>
               <dt>Pool2UsedPercent</dt>
               <dd>Shows the percentage of memory that is in use in pool 2.</dd>
              </dlentry>
             </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
             <dl>
              <dlentry>
               <dt>IncomingMessageAcksBytes</dt>
               <dd>Shows the memory, in bytes, allocated for acknowledging incoming messages. The
                server allocates memory in this category for MQTT clients that connected using a
                 <codeph>cleanSession=0</codeph> setting and are publishing messages the quality of
                service of which is 2. This memory is used to ensure once-and-once-only
                delivery.</dd>
              </dlentry>
             </dl>
            </li>
           </ul><p>The default value is <parmname>DiskUsedPercent</parmname>. For reasons of
            compatability with earlier versions, the header <codeph>StoreDiskUsage</codeph> is
            returned when the default is used.</p></dd>
         </dlentry>
        </dl>
       </li>
      </ul></p>
    </info>
   </step>
</steps>
<result><p>If the <codeph>SubType</codeph> is set to <parmname>History</parmname>,
and monitoring data is not available for the requested statistic,
a value of <codeph>-1</codeph> is returned.</p>For more information
about the fields that are returned, see <xref href="admin00034.dita"></xref>.</result>
<example>
   <p>The following example uses cURL to show how a GET method is used to view statistical
    information about the usage of the persistent memory and disk. </p>
   <codeblock>curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/monitor/Store?SubType=Current  
 
 </codeblock>
   <p>The following example shows a successful example response to the GET method that was used to
    create statistical information about the usage of the persistent memory and disk.:</p>
   <codeblock>{ "Version":"v1", "Store": {"DiskUsedPercent":20,"DiskFreeBytes":83618123776,"MemoryUsedPercent":1,"MemoryTotalBytes":268434944,
"Pool1TotalBytes":187904512,"Pool1UsedBytes":0,"Pool1UsedPercent":0,"Pool1RecordsLimitBytes":93952256,"Pool1RecordsUsedBytes":0,
"Pool2TotalBytes":80530432,"Pool2UsedBytes":3944448,"Pool2UsedPercent":4 } }</codeblock>
  </example>
</taskbody>
<?tm 1413224014 1?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000010038?>
