<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="admin00062" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Viewing XA transaction information by using <ph
   conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPIs"/></title>
<shortdesc>System administrators can view XA transaction branch information by using <ph
   conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPIs"/>. </shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>System administrators can view XA transaction branch information by using a  <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPI"/>, or by using the <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>. For more information about using the <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> to view XA transaction branch information,
    see <xref format="dita" href="admin00061.dita" scope="local" type="task">Viewing XA
     transaction information by using the GUI</xref>.</p></context>
<steps>
<stepsection>XA transaction statistics can be created by using a <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPI"/>. To create XA
    transaction monitoring information, complete the following steps:</stepsection>
   <step>
    <cmd>Use the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API
     GET method with the following <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> monitoring URI:</cmd>
    <info>
     <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/monitor/&lt;ObjectType></codeph></p>
    </info>
   </step>
   <step>
    <cmd>Provide query parameters requesting the statistics that you want returned in the JSON
     payload. The following example uses cURL to create transaction-related statistics:</cmd>
    <info>
     <codeblock>curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/monitor/Transaction?XID=<varname>XID</varname>%26StatType=<varname>StatType</varname>%26TranState=<varname>TranState</varname>%26ResultCount=<varname>ResultCount</varname></codeblock>
     <p>Where:</p>
     <ul>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>XID</dt>
         <dd>Optional.</dd>
         <dd>
          <p>Specifies the identifier of the XA transaction branch. </p>
          <?Pub Caret 32?>
          <p>Asterisk (*) matches 0 or more characters. </p>
          <p>The default value is <parmname>*</parmname>.</p>
         </dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>StatType</dt>
         <dd>Optional.</dd>
         <dd>
          <p>Specifies the type of data to order the results by.</p>
          <p>This value can be one of the following values:<ul>
            <li>
             <dl>
              <dlentry>
               <dt> LastStateChangeTime</dt>
               <dd>The most recent time that the specified XA transaction branch changed state.
               </dd>
              </dlentry>
             </dl>
             <dl>
              <dlentry>
               <dt>Unsorted</dt>
               <dd>The results are not returned in a specific order.</dd>
              </dlentry>
             </dl>
            </li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt> AllUnsorted</dt>
<dd>Lists all transactions. </dd>
<dd>Any value that is specified for <parmname>ResultCount</parmname> is ignored, so setting
<parmname>StatType</parmname>  to <userinput>AllUnsorted</userinput> can result in a large number of
responses being generated.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
           </ul></p>
          <p>The default value is <parmname>LastStateChangeTime</parmname>.</p>
         </dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>TranState</dt>
         <dd>Optional.</dd>
         <dd>
          <p>Specifies the state of the XA transaction branches to be displayed.</p>
          <p>This value can be one of the following values:<ul>
            <li>
             <dl>
              <dlentry>
               <dt>All</dt>
               <dd>Data about transaction branches that are in any of prepared, committed or rolled
                back states is reported.</dd>
               <dd>This value is the default value.</dd>
              </dlentry>
             </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
             <dl>
              <dlentry>
               <dt>Heuristic</dt>
               <dd>Data about transaction branches that have been heuristically committed or rolled
                back is reported.</dd>
              </dlentry>
             </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
             <dl>
              <dlentry>
               <dt>HeuristicCommit</dt>
               <dd>Data about transaction branches that have been heuristically committed is
                reported.</dd>
              </dlentry>
             </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
             <dl>
              <dlentry>
               <dt>HeuristicRollback</dt>
               <dd>Data about transaction branches that have been heuristically rolled back is
                reported.</dd>
              </dlentry>
             </dl>
            </li>
            <li>
             <dl>
              <dlentry>
               <dt>Prepared</dt>
               <dd>Data about transaction branches that are in prepared state is reported.</dd>
              </dlentry>
             </dl>
            </li>
           </ul></p>
         </dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
      <li>
       <dl>
        <dlentry>
         <dt>ResultCount</dt>
         <dd>Optional.</dd>
         <dd>
          <p>Specifies the number of results to display.</p>
          <p>Options available for selection are 10, 25, 50, and 100.</p>
          <p>The default is <parmname>25</parmname>.</p>
         </dd>
        </dlentry>
       </dl>
      </li>
     </ul>
    </info>
   </step>
</steps>
  <example>
   <p>The following example uses cURL to show how a GET method is used to create statistics about
    all transaction branches:</p>
   <codeblock>curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/monitor/Transaction?XID=*%26TranState=All
 
 </codeblock>
   <p>The following example shows a successful example response to the GET method that was used to
    create statistics about transaction branches that have been heuristically rolled back:</p>
   <codeblock>{ "Version":"v1", "Transaction": [ { "XID":"57415344:0000014247FEBB3D0997000012008CC78A1A981840C3350B9E23A3C2EFB8E5A6D864A89C0:00000001",
"TranState":"Prepared","LastStateChangeTime":1446728129213566618 }
 ] }
</codeblock>
  </example>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000005281?>
