<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="admin00037" xml:lang="en-us">
 <title>Viewing server statistics by using <ph
   conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPIs"/></title>
 <?Pub Caret -2?>
 <shortdesc>System administrators can view server-related statistics by using a <ph
   conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPI"/></shortdesc>
 <taskbody>
  <context>
   <p>System administrators can view statistics about the <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> server by using a <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPI"/> or by using the <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>.  For more information about using the <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> to view statistics about the <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> server, see <xref format="dita"
     href="admin00038.dita" scope="local" type="task">Viewing memory statistics by using the <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/></xref>. </p>
  </context>
  <steps>
   <stepsection>Server-related monitoring statistics can be viewed by using a <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPI"/>. To view
    server-related monitoring statistics, complete the following steps:</stepsection>
   <step>
    <cmd>Use the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> REST API
     GET method with the following <ph
      conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> monitoring URI:</cmd>
    <info>
     <p><codeph>http://&lt;admin-endpoint-IP:Port>/ima/v1/monitor/Server</codeph></p>
    </info>
   </step>
  </steps>
  <example>
<p>The following example uses cURL to show how a GET method is used to view information about the
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server:</p>
<codeblock>curl -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9089/ima/v1/monitor/Server 
 
 </codeblock>
<p>The following example shows a successful example response to the GET method:</p>
<codeblock>{ "Version":"v1", "Server": {"ActiveConnections":0,"TotalConnections":0,"MsgRead":0,
"MsgWrite":0,"BytesRead":0,"BytesWrite":0, "BadConnCount":0, "TotalEndpoints":3,
"BufferedMessages":0,"RetainedMessages":0,"ExpiredMessages":0,
"ClientSessions":13,"ExpiredClientSessions":0,"Subscriptions":2}}</codeblock>
<p>where:</p>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt> ActiveConnections</dt>
<dd>Currently active connections.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>TotalConnections </dt>
<dd>Count of connections since <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> was
last reset.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>MsgRead</dt>
<dd>Count of messages read since reset.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>MsgWrite</dt>
<dd> Count of messages written since reset.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>BytesRead</dt>
<dd>Count of bytes read since reset.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>BytesWrite</dt>
<dd>Count of bytes written since reset.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>BadConnCount</dt>
<dd>Count of connections that failed to connect since reset.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>TotalEndpoints</dt>
<dd>The number of active endpoints.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>BufferedMessages</dt>
<dd>This statistic provides an approximate count of the number of messages (including inflight
messages) that are currently buffered on queues and subscriptions on the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server.</dd>
<dd>You can use this information to understand: <ul>
<li>If the number of buffered messages is growing, shrinking, or is constant over time.</li>
<li>If the number of buffered messages is higher than expected for your system at a point in time. </li>
<li>If your system is able to process the number of messages that are passing through it.</li>
</ul>
</dd>
<dd>You can also use this statistic in conjunction with the server memory usage statistics on the
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> dashboard to help with your capacity
planning. Use this information to understand how many messages can be buffered on your server. For
example, server memory usage might be at 50% with 4 million buffered messages, and at 60% with 8
million buffered messages. </dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>RetainedMessages</dt>
<dd>This statistic provides an approximate count of the number of retained messages (including
inflight messages) that are currently waiting on topics on the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server. The messages are waiting to be delivered to
new subscribers on those topics when their subscription is created for the first time.</dd>
<dd>The RetainedMessages statistic does not represent the number of topics with a retained message,
as a single topic might have multiple retained messages that are inflight.</dd>
<dd>You can use this information to understand: <ul>
<li>If the number of retained messages is growing, shrinking, or is constant over time.</li>
<li>If the number of retained messages is higher than expected for your system at a point in time. </li>
<li>If your system is able to process the number of messages that are passing through.</li>
</ul>
</dd>
<dd>You can also use this statistic in conjunction with the server memory usage statistics on the
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> dashboard to help with your capacity
planning. Use this information to understand how many messages can be retained on the server. For
example, the server memory usage might be at 50% with 4 million retained messages, and at 60% with 8
million retained messages. </dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>ExpiredMessages</dt>
<dd>This statistic provides a count of the number of expired messages on queues and subscriptions on
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server.</dd>
<dd>You can use this information to understand: <ul>
<li>If the number of expired messages is growing, shrinking, or is constant over time.</li>
<li>If the number of expired messages is higher than expected for your system at a point in time. </li>
<li>If your system is able to process the number of messages that are passing through it.</li>
</ul>
</dd>
<dd>You can also use this statistic in conjunction with the server memory usage statistics on the
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> dashboard to help with your capacity
planning. </dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt> ClientSessions</dt>
<dd>The number of clients for which the server has state. Includes all connected clients and
disconnected clients that have a session which is not ended.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt> ExpiredClientSessions</dt>
<dd>The number of client sessions that have been removed since the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server restarted.  Sessions are expired because of
the <parmname>SessionExpiry</parmname> interval that is set by an MQTTv5 client, or because of the
<parmname>MaxSessionExpiryInterval</parmname> of a connection policy.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt> Subscriptions</dt>
<dd>Total number of subscriptions that are in the system.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</example>
 </taskbody>
 <?tm 1413224014 1?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000010038?>
