<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="admin00081" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Viewing cluster information by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/></title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>Use the cluster status view to see statistics about the cluster, the cluster members, and messaging activity between this server and the remote cluster members. </shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<taskbody>
<context>
<p>You can view cluster and cluster member statistics by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>, or by using <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPI"/>. For more information about using a <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPI"
/> to view connection monitor statistics, see <xref href="admin00082.dita"/>. </p>
</context>
<steps>
<step>
<cmd>From the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
/>, navigate to the <wintitle>Cluster Status</wintitle> page by selecting <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Cluster</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Status</uicontrol>
</menucascade>.</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>
<p>To view information about the rate of message throughput for the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> server on which you are viewing cluster monitoring statistics, complete the following step:</p>
<ol>
<li>From the <wintitle>Cluster Status</wintitle> page, go to the Throughput Chart pane.<p>The Throughput Chart displays the rate of message traffic into and from the cluster:<ul>
<li>Local incoming and outgoing rates relate to messages that are received from or sent to messaging client applications (MQTT or JMS applications).</li>
<li>Remote incoming and outgoing rates relate to messages that are received from or sent to other <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> servers in the cluster </li>
</ul></p></li>
</ol>
</choice>
<choice>To view information about the cluster status of the cluster member on which you are viewing cluster monitoring statistics, complete the following step:<ol>
<li>From the <wintitle>Cluster Status</wintitle> page, go to the <wintitle>Cluster Status
                                    Data</wintitle> pane.<p>The cluster information about the server
                                    on which you are viewing the cluster monitoring statistics is
                                    displayed.</p></li>
</ol></choice>
<choice>To view information about the other cluster members, complete the following step:<ol>
<li>From the <wintitle>Cluster Status</wintitle> page, go to the <wintitle>Cluster Status
Data</wintitle> pane and view the cluster member table.<p>For details about the data presented in
the table, see <xref format="dita" href="admin00080.dita" scope="local"/>.</p></li>
<li>Optional. By clicking on a cluster member in the first column of the table, you can start to manage that cluster member. If the server is already in the list of servers that are administered by the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
/>, the link takes you to the cluster status page of that server. If the server is not in the list of servers that are administered by the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"
/>, you are prompted to provide configuration information for the other cluster member before you can start to manage it.</li>
</ol></choice>
</choices>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
