<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="admin00052" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Viewing memory statistics by using an external application</title>
<shortdesc> External monitoring applications can access memory data
that is published by <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> by subscribing
to the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"></ph> topic <filepath>$SYS/ResourceStatistics/Memory</filepath>.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq><p
conref="admin00040.dita#publishingstatisticsonmonitoringtopics/ToPublishMonitoringDataOnATopicTheS"></p><p
conref="admin00040.dita#publishingstatisticsonmonitoringtopics/ThePublishedDataIsInJSONFormat.TheP"></p><p
conref="admin00040.dita#publishingstatisticsonmonitoringtopics/ForMoreInformationAboutMonitoringBy"></p></prereq>
<context><p>Monitoring data is automatically published every 2 seconds
to the topic string <filepath>$SYS/ResourceStatistics/Memory</filepath>. </p><p
conref="admin00040.dita#publishingstatisticsonmonitoringtopics/InMQTTYouCannotSubscribeToASYSTopic"></p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd
conref="admin00040.dita#publishingstatisticsonmonitoringtopics/CreateAnEndpoint.YouCanUseThisEndpo"></cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd
conref="admin00040.dita#publishingstatisticsonmonitoringtopics/StrengthenYourSecurityByConfiguring"></cmd>
<info
conref="admin00040.dita#publishingstatisticsonmonitoringtopics/ForMoreInformationAboutConfiguringC"></info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Connect your external application to the endpoint that
you created in step 1, and subscribe to the topic string <filepath>$SYS/ResourceStatistics/Memory</filepath>. </cmd>
</step>
</steps>
<result><p
conref="admin00040.dita#publishingstatisticsonmonitoringtopics/TheFollowingInformationIsMadeAvaila"></p><ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Version</dt>
<dd>String</dd>
<dd>Specifies the version of server.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>NodeName</dt>
<dd>String</dd>
<dd>Specifies the name of the server.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Timestamp</dt>
<dd>Date/Time</dd>
<dd>Specifies the date and time in ISO8601 format.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Object type</dt>
<dd>String</dd>
<dd>Specifies the type of object that you are monitoring.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>MemoryTotalBytes</dt>
<dd>Numeric</dd>
<dd>This statistic shows the total amount of physical memory on <ph
         conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM"
          >IBM</tm> Messaging Server</ph>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>MemoryFreeBytes</dt>
<dd>Numeric</dd>
<dd>This statistic shows the amount of physical memory that is available.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>MemoryFreePercent</dt>
<dd>Numeric</dd>
<dd>This statistic shows the amount of free memory as a percentage
of total physical memory.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>ServerVirtualMemoryBytes</dt>
<dd>Numeric</dd>
<dd>This statistic shows the amount of virtual memory that is being used by <ph
         conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM"
          >IBM</tm> Messaging Server</ph>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>ServerResidentSetBytes</dt>
<dd>Numeric</dd>
<dd>This statistic shows the amount of physical memory that is being used by <ph
         conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM"
          >IBM</tm> Messaging Server</ph>.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>MessagePayloads</dt>
<dd>Numeric</dd>
<dd>This statistic shows the amount of memory that is being consumed by <ph
         conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM"
          >IBM</tm> Messaging Server</ph> for message payloads.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>PublishSubscribe</dt>
<dd>Numeric</dd>
<dd>This statistic shows the amount of memory that is being consumed by <ph
         conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM"
          >IBM</tm> Messaging Server</ph> for publish/subscribe data structures. For example, topics
        and subscriptions.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Destinations</dt>
<dd>Numeric</dd>
<dd>This statistic shows the amount of memory that is being consumed by <ph
         conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM"
          >IBM</tm> Messaging Server</ph> for destinations on which messages can be buffered. For
        example, queues.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>CurrentActivity</dt>
<dd>Numeric</dd>
<dd>This statistic shows the amount of memory that is being consumed by <ph
         conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM"
          >IBM</tm> Messaging Server</ph> for current activity. For example, transactions and
        message acknowledgements.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>ClientStates</dt>
<dd>Numeric</dd>
<dd>This statistic shows the amount of memory that is being consumed by <ph
         conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM"
          >IBM</tm> Messaging Server</ph> for connected and disconnected clients.</dd>
</dlentry></dl> </li>
</ul></result>
<example><p>The following example shows statistical information about the <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"><tm tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM"
      >IBM</tm> Messaging Server</ph> volatile memory. </p><codeblock>{ 
"Version":"1.2",
"NodeName":"mar#678",
"TimeStamp":"2014-06-26T12:52:41.226Z",
"ObjectType":"Memory",  
"MemoryTotalBytes":21042922112, 
"MemoryFreeBytes":713310208, 
"MemoryFreePercent":34
"ServerVirtualMemoryBytes":2202386432, 
"ServerResidentSetBytes":636817408, 
"MessagePayload": 1048576,
"PublishSubscribe":13107200, 
"CurrentActivity":7344112,
"ClientStates": 1048576,
}</codeblock><?Pub Caret 59?></example>
</taskbody>
<?tm 1413224014 9?>
</task>
<?Pub *0000006103?>
