<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="admin00023" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Viewing subscription-related statistics by using the  <ph
   conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/></title>
<shortdesc>Use the subscription monitor to view live, aggregated subscription data, and to query the
  best and worst performing subscriptions across several connection metrics. </shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>You can view subscription monitoring statistics by using the <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>, or by using <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTAPIs"/>. For more information
    about using a <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPI"/> to
    view subscription monitoring statistics, see <xref href="admin00024.dita"/>. For more
    information about the predefined queries that you can run, see <xref format="dita"
     href="admin00022.dita" scope="local" type="concept">Subscription monitoring</xref>.</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>From the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>,
go to the <wintitle>Subscriptions</wintitle> page by selecting <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Monitoring</uicontrol><uicontrol>Subscriptions</uicontrol>
</menucascade>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>To filter subscriptions in the subscription monitor table,
complete the following steps: </cmd><info><ol>
<li>In <uicontrol>Topic String</uicontrol>, enter a value for the
topic string that you want to monitor. The topic string is the name
of the topic that the subscription is subscribed to. You can enter
one of the following values:<ul>
<li>A specific topic string.</li>
<li>The asterisk sign (*) to select all topic strings.</li>
<li>Part of a  topic string in combination with the asterisk sign
(*)  to select a subset of  topic strings.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>In <uicontrol>Client ID</uicontrol>, enter a value for the Client
ID that you want to monitor. The client ID is the id of the client
that owns the subscription. You can enter one of the following values:<ul>
<li>A specific client ID.</li>
<li>The asterisk sign (*) to select all client IDs.</li>
<li>Part of a  client ID in combination with the asterisk sign (*)
 to select a subset of  client IDs. </li>
</ul></li>
<li>In <uicontrol>Messaging Policy</uicontrol>, enter a value for
the messaging policy that you want to monitor. The messaging policy
is the name of the messaging policy that is in use by the subscription.
You can enter one of the following values:<ul>
<li>A specific messaging policy name.</li>
<li>The asterisk sign (*) to select all messaging policies.</li>
<li>Part of a messaging policy name in combination with the asterisk
sign (*)  to select a subset of messaging policies. </li>
</ul></li>
<li>In <uicontrol>Subscription Name</uicontrol>, enter a value for
the Subscription that you want to monitor. The subscription name is
the name that is associated with the subscription. You can enter one
of the following values:<ul>
<li>A specific subscription name.</li>
<li>The asterisk sign (*) to select all subscriptions.</li>
<li>Part of a subscription name in combination with the asterisk sign
(*)  to select a subset of subscriptions. </li>
</ul></li>
<li>In <uicontrol>Subscription type</uicontrol>, select the type of
subscription that you want to filter on. You can select one of the
following values:<ul>
<li><uicontrol>All</uicontrol> to view both durable and non-durable
subscriptions.</li>
<li><uicontrol>Durable</uicontrol> to view only durable subscriptions.
Durable subscriptions survive a server restart if the subscription
is not specifically deleted. </li>
<li><uicontrol>Non-durable</uicontrol> to view only non-durable subscriptions.
Non-durable subscriptions do not survive a server restart.</li>
</ul></li>
</ol></info></step>
<step><cmd>In <uicontrol>Query</uicontrol>, select the <xref
format="dita" href="admin00022.dita" scope="local" type="concept">predefined
query</xref> that you want to filter on.</cmd></step><?Pub Caret 10?>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Refresh</uicontrol> to generate the output
in the subscription monitor table.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd
conref="admin00020.dita#admin00020/EnterAValueIntoFilterClickApplyFilt"
importance="optional">If you are looking for a specific subscription
that is not displayed in the table, use <uicontrol>Filter</uicontrol>,
and click <uicontrol>Apply Filter</uicontrol>. </cmd><stepxmp>For
example, the subscription might not be in the top 100 subscriptions
that match the predefined query that you created.</stepxmp></step>
<step><cmd importance="optional">To delete one or more durable subscriptions
and any messages that are buffered for those subscriptions, complete
the following steps:</cmd><info><ol>
<li>In the first column of the subscription monitor table, select
the check boxes next to the durable subscriptions that you want to
delete.</li>
<li>If you want to delete all of the durable subscriptions in the
currently visible page of the table, select the check box in the header
of the first column; this results in all of the subscriptions being
selected. If the table spans more than one page, you must repeat this
operation on each page.</li>
<li>Click <menucascade><uicontrol>Actions</uicontrol><uicontrol>Delete
Durable Subscription</uicontrol></menucascade> to remove the durable
subscription, or subscriptions, and associated buffered messages.</li>
</ol></info></step>
</steps>
<result><p>The <uicontrol>Timestamp</uicontrol> is updated to show
the time that query is generated.</p><p>The subscription monitor table
is updated to display the results of the query and any filter that
is applied to those results.</p><p
conref="admin00014.dita#admin00014/YouCanViewTheTotalNumberOfItemsThat"></p></result>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000005965?>
