<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="admin00015" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Viewing endpoint level statistics by using the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph></title>
<shortdesc>Use the endpoint monitor to view live, aggregated endpoint
data, and to query the best and worst performing connections across
several connection metrics.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>You can view endpoint monitoring statistics by using the <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>, by using a <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPI"/>, or by using an
    external monitoring application. For more information about using a <ph
     conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/RESTMonAPI"/> to view endpoint
    monitor statistics, see <xref href="admin00013.dita"/>. For more information about using an
    external application to view endpoint monitor statistics, see <xref format="dita"
     href="admin00040.dita" scope="local" type="task">Viewing endpoint level statistics by using an
     external application</xref>. For more information about the predefined queries that you can
    run, see <xref format="dita" href="admin00010.dita" scope="local" type="concept">Endpoint
     monitoring</xref>.</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>From the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph>,
navigate to the <wintitle>Endpoints</wintitle> page by selecting <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Monitoring</uicontrol><uicontrol>Endpoints</uicontrol>
</menucascade>.</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>To view time-series charts for a particular endpoint, metric,
and time duration, complete the following steps:<ol>
<li>From the <wintitle>Endpoints</wintitle> page, go to the Endpoint
Chart pane.</li>
<li>In <uicontrol>Source</uicontrol>, select the name of the endpoint
that you want to monitor. </li>
<li>In <uicontrol>Show</uicontrol>, select a <xref format="dita"
href="admin00010.dita" scope="local" type="concept">predefined query</xref> that
you want to filter on.</li>
<li>In <uicontrol>Duration</uicontrol>, select the period that you
want to monitor. </li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Refresh</uicontrol> to generate the output in
the endpoint monitor table.</li>
</ol></choice>
<choice>To view statistics for a particular endpoint and metric, complete
the following steps:<ol>
<li>Go to the Endpoint Data pane. Endpoints are displayed in the Endpoint
data table. Up to 10 records can be displayed in the table.</li>
<li>In <uicontrol>Query</uicontrol>, select the <xref format="dita"
href="admin00010.dita" scope="local" type="concept">predefined query</xref> that
you want to filter on. </li><?Pub Caret 9?>
<li conref="admin00014.dita#admin00014/Filter" importance="optional">Enter
a value into <uicontrol>Filter</uicontrol>, and click <uicontrol>Apply
Filter</uicontrol> to view a subset of endpoint data.</li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>Refresh</uicontrol> to generate the output in
the endpoint monitor table.</li>
</ol></choice>
</choices>
</step>
</steps>
<result><p>The endpoint monitor table is updated to display the results
of the query and any filter that is applied to those results. </p><p
conref="admin00014.dita#admin00014/YouCanViewTheTotalNumberOfItemsThat"></p></result>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003415?>
