<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="up00017_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Upgrading to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> version <ph conref = "../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ver_current"></ph>:
server configuration only</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>System administrators can upgrade their <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM_prev_prev"/> version 1.2 systems to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> version <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ver_current"/> by exporting and importing the server
configuration file. The server configuration file is exported from an <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM_prev_prev"/> version 1.2 physical or virtual appliance and imported
into a running <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> version <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ver_current"/> environment.</shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<taskbody>
<prereq>
<ul>
<li>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM_prev_prev"/> version 1.2 server must be at the latest interim fix
level. A list of interim fixes is available here: <xref
href="http://www-01.ibm.com/support/docview.wss?uid=swg21973411" scope="external" format="html"
>Fixes released for <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM_prev_prev"/></xref>.</li>
<li>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> version <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ver_current"/> server to which you are exporting the
server configuration file must be installed and configured and have no configured objects.</li>
<li>It is best practice to take a backup of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM_prev_prev"/> production system store to test the upgrade
process before you perform the upgrade process. For instructions for taking a backup of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM_prev_prev"/> production system store, see <xref
href="up00019_.dita"/>.</li>
</ul>
</prereq>
<context>
<p> Only those configuration items from the server such as endpoints, messaging policies, connection policies, LDAP configuration objects, and any configuration objects that are configured by using commands by an administrator are included in the upgrade process that exports and imports the server configuration file only. The server store is not migrated.</p>
<p />
</context>
<steps>
<step>
<cmd>Export the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM_prev_prev"/> version 1.2 server configuration file to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> version <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ver_current"/>. </cmd>
<substeps>
<substep>
<cmd>Create a backup copy of the server configuration file by using the <cmdname>imaserver
backup</cmdname> command.</cmd>
<info>For
example:<codeblock>imaserver backup "Password=mybackuppw" "V2Migration=True" 
</codeblock>The <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM_prev_prev"/> server can now back up server configuration
without the need to enter maintenance mode.<p>For information about using the <cmdname>imaserver
backup</cmdname> command, see <xref
href="http://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSCGGQ_1.2.0/com.ibm.ism.doc/Reference/BackupCmd/cmd_imaserver_backup.html"
scope="external" format="html">imaserver backup command</xref></p></info>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Copy the exported server configuration file to a commonly accessible server. Upload the backup
file to an SSH server for storage by using the <cmdname>file put</cmdname> command.</cmd>
<info>For information about using the <cmdname>file put</cmdname> command, see <xref
href="http://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSCGGQ_1.2.0/com.ibm.ism.doc/Reference/CommonCmd/fun_fileput.html"
scope="external" format="html">file put command</xref>.</info>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Upload the server configuration file to the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> version <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ver_current"/> server by using the REST API PUT
method.</cmd>
<info>For
example:<codeblock>curl -X PUT -T /path/to/directory/imaBackup.215448-05262016
http://&lt;server&gt;:&lt;port&gt;/ima/v1/file/imaBackup.215448-05262018</codeblock></info>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Import the server configuration backup file on the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> version <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ver_current"/> server by using the REST API POST
method:</cmd>
<info>
<codeblock>curl -X POST  http://&lt;server&gt;:&lt;port&gt;/ima/v1/service/import -d '{
"FileName":"imaBackup.215448-05262018","Password":"mybackuppw","DisableObjects":true,"ApplyConfig":true|false}'</codeblock>
<p>where:</p>
<p>
<ul>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Filename</dt>
<dd>Specifies the path to a file in the virtual file system inside the server. </dd>
<dd>The argument should match the filename that is used in the URL in step 1c.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>ApplyConfig: true|false</dt>
<dd>Specifies whether the imported server configuration is to be applied to the server. By default,
the imported configuration is returned as a response to the REST call for users to verify an
imported configuration.</dd>
<dd>The default is false.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</li>
</ul>
</p>
</info>
<stepresult>The server restarts in maintenance mode.</stepresult>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Review, modify and fix the following migrated configuration:</cmd>
<info> In particular, review and fix:<ul>
<li>Endpoint configuration, particularly if your endpoints were listening on specific interfaces. If
such explicit interfaces are different, the upgrade process cannot update the configuration to the
new values. </li>
<li>Existing LDAP configuration which might need to be changed.</li>
<li>Other configuration items that might need to be amended for the new environment.</li>
</ul><p>The configuration changes can be made either by using REST APIs, or by using the WebUI.</p>
</info>
</step>
</steps>
<postreq>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> version <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ver_current"/> server is ready for messaging traffic. You
can now switch messaging traffic from <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM_prev_prev"/> to
the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> version<ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ver_current"/> server.</postreq>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="up00016_.dita" scope="local" type="concept"/>
<link format="dita" href="up00018_.dita" scope="local" type="task"/>
<link format="dita" href="up00019_.dita" scope="local" type="task"/>
</related-links>
</task><?tm 1471518202834 6 IBM ?>
