<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="up00018_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Upgrading to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> version <ph conref = "../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ver_current"></ph>:
server configuration and store</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>System administrators can upgrade their <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM_prev_prev"/> version 1.2 systems to an <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> version <ph conref = "../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ver_current"></ph> environment by migrating the
configuration and store from an <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM_prev_prev"/> version 1.2 physical or virtual appliance to a
running <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> version <ph conref = "../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ver_current"></ph> environment. The
upgrade process requires the use of high availability (HA) servers. </shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<taskbody>
<prereq>
<ul>
<li>Contact <tm trademark="IBM" tmtype="reg">IBM</tm> Support to review and verify your upgrade plan.</li>
<li>It is best practice to take a backup of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM_prev_prev"/> version 1.2 production system store to test the upgrade
process before you perform the upgrade process. For instructions for taking a backup of the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM_prev_prev"/> production system store, see <xref
href="up00019_.dita"/>.</li>
<li>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM_prev_prev"/> version 1.2 server must be at the latest interim fix
level. A list of interim fixes is available here: <xref
href="http://www-01.ibm.com/support/docview.wss?uid=swg21973411" scope="external" format="html"
>Fixes released for <tm trademark="IBM" tmtype="reg">IBM</tm> MessageSight</xref>.</li>
<li>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> version <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ver_current"/> server to which you are migrating the
configuration and store must be installed and configured and have no configured objects.</li>
<li>Communication over TCP/IP must be possible between the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM_prev_prev"/> version 1.2 server and the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> version <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ver_current"/> server.</li>
<li>HA is enabled and configured on the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM_prev_prev"/>
server as part of the upgrade process. The primary server is used for the upgrade process. If you
need to configure HA, or change the current HA configuration, you must be prepared for a server
outage and restart.</li>
</ul>
</prereq>
<context>
<p>The server configuration and the contents of the server store are migrated from an <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM_prev_prev"/> version 1.2 physical or virtual appliance to a running <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> version <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ver_current"/> environment. The store contains buffered
messages, retained messages, subscriptions, and topics. It contains all persistent messages and
objects that have been dynamically created by clients. Use this method if you need to preserve the
contents of the server store when you upgrade from <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM_prev_prev"/> version 1.2 to <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> version <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ver_current"/>.</p>
</context>
<steps>
<step>
<cmd>Configure the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM_prev_prev"/> version 1.2 server to replicate by using TCP.</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>If the server is a physical appliance, issue the following
command:<codeblock>advanced-pd-options _setconfig imaserver 
ReplicationProtocol 1'</codeblock>and
restart the server by issuing the following
commands:<codeblock>imaserver stop
imaserver start</codeblock></choice>
<choice>If the server is a virtual appliance, it is already configured to replicate by using
TCP.</choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step id="step2">
<cmd>If HA is not already configured and enabled on the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM_prev_prev"/> version 1.2  server, configure and enable HA. </cmd>
<info>For more information about configuring HA on the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM_prev_prev"/> version 1.2 server, see <xref
href="https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSCGGQ_1.2.0/com.ibm.ism.doc/Administering/ad00400_.html"
scope="external" format="html">Configuring your system for high availability</xref>. An example
command follows:
<codeblock>imaserver create HighAvailability "EnableHA"= "True"  "StartupMode"="StandAlone"
"Group"="TestGroup1"  "RemoteDiscoveryNIC"=10.78.54.140"
"LocalReplicationNIC"="10.77.207.15"  "LocalDiscoveryNIC"="10.78.54.137"</codeblock></info>
<substeps>
<substep>
<cmd>Ensure that the value of the <parmname>LocalDiscoveryNIC</parmname> field on the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM_prev_prev"/> version 1.2 server is the same as the value of the
<parmname>RemoteDiscoveryNIC</parmname> field on the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> version <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ver_current"/> server. </cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Ensure that the value of the <parmname>StartupMode</parmname> is <codeph>Standalone</codeph> so
that the primary server can become available even though the standby server is not available.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Restart the server by issuing the following commands:</cmd>
<info>
<codeblock>imaserver stop 
imaserver start</codeblock>
</info>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>After the server restart, check that the HA status of the server by issuing the following
command:</cmd>
<info>
<codeblock>imaserver harole</codeblock>
</info>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>If HA is already configured and enabled on the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM_prev_prev"/> server, check that the value of the
<parmname>LocalDiscoveryNIC</parmname> field on the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM_prev_prev"/> version 1.2 server is the same as the value of the
<parmname>RemoteDiscoveryNIC</parmname> field on the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> version <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ver_current"/> server. </cmd>
<choices>
<choice>If you changed the HA configuration, restart the server by issuing the following
commands:<codeblock>imaserver stop 
imaserver start</codeblock>and then check the status of the
server by issuing the following command:<codeblock>imaserver harole 
 </codeblock></choice>
<choice>If you have not changed HA configuration, you do not need to restart the server.</choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Configure the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> version <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ver_current"/> server for HA.</cmd>
<info>For more information about configuring HA on the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> version <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ver_current"/> server, see <xref
href="http://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSWMAJ_2.0.0/com.ibm.ism.doc/Administering/ad00400_.html"
scope="external" format="html">Configuring your system for high availability</xref>. </info>
<info>
<p>If HA was already configured on the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM_prev_prev"/>
version 1.2 server and the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> version <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ver_current"/> server is reusing the IP addresses of the
previous standby server, the values of the <parmname>Group</parmname> field must be the same. The
following example shows that the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/>
version <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ver_current"/> server is reusing the IP
address of the previous standby and is using the same value of the <parmname>Group</parmname> field
as the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM_prev_prev"/> version 1.2 server as configured in the example command in
<xref format="dita" href="up00018_.dita#up00018_/step2" scope="local" type="step">step
2</xref>:<codeblock>curl -X POST http://10.78.54.140:9089/ima/v1/configuration -d '{ "HighAvailability": {    
"EnableHA": true, "StartupMode":  "AutoDetect", <b>"LocalDiscoveryNIC":"10.78.54.140"</b>,
<b>"RemoteDiscoveryNIC":"10.78.54.137"</b>,  <b>"LocalReplicationNIC":"10.77.207.15"</b>,
<b>"Group":"TestGroup1"</b> }}' </codeblock>
</p>
</info>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Check HA configuration on the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/>
version <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ver_current"/> server by using the REST API
GET method. </cmd>
<info>For
example:<codeblock>curl -X GET http:// 10.78.54.140:9089/ima/v1/configuration/HighAvailability</codeblock></info>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Check the response from the REST API GET method to ensure that the <parmname>EnableHA</parmname> field is set to <codeph>true</codeph>, the <parmname>StartupMode</parmname> field is set to <codeph>AutoDetect</codeph>, and the values in the <parmname>RemoteDiscoveryNIC</parmname>, <parmname>LocalReplicationNIC</parmname>, and <parmname>LocalDiscoveryNIC</parmname> fields are correct.</cmd>
<info>For example:<codeblock>
{
  "Version": "v1",
  "HighAvailability": {
    <b>"EnableHA": true,</b>
    "Group": "TestGroup1",
    <b>"StartupMode": "AutoDetect",</b>
    "PreferredPrimary": false,
    "DiscoveryTimeout": 600,
    "HeartbeatTimeout": 10,
    <b>"RemoteDiscoveryNIC": "10.10.11.11",
    "LocalReplicationNIC": "10.10.11.12",
    "LocalDiscoveryNIC": "10.10.11.13",</b>
    "ExternalReplicationNIC": "",
    "ExternalReplicationPort": 0,
    "ReplicationPort": 0,
    "RemoteDiscoveryPort": 0,
    "UseSecuredConnections": false,
    "RequireCertificates": true
  }
}</codeblock></info>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Restart the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> version <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ver_current"/> server with the
<parmname>CleanStore</parmname> field set to <codeph>true</codeph> by using the REST API POST
method.</cmd>
<info>For
example:<codeblock>curl -X POST http://10.78.54.140:9089/ima/v1/service/restart -d
'{"Service":"Server","CleanStore":true}'</codeblock></info>
<stepresult>The server starts as the standby server.</stepresult>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Check the HA status of the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/>
version <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ver_current"/> server by using the REST API
GET method in 2 calls.</cmd>
<info>For
example:<codeblock>curl -X GET http://10.78.54.140:9089/ima/v1/configuration/HighAvailability

curl -X GET http://10.78.54.140:9089/ima/v1/service/status</codeblock></info>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Check the response from the REST API GET method to ensure that the HA <parmname>Status</parmname> field is set to <codeph>Active</codeph>, and the <parmname>NewRole</parmname> field is set to <codeph>AutoDetect</codeph></cmd>
<info>For
example:<codeblock>
{
  "Version":"v1",
  "Server": {
    "Name": "ima-server:9089",
    "UID": "o7AVNFjE",
    "Status": "Running",
    "State": 10,
    "StateDescription": "Standby",
    "ServerTime": "2018-08-22T19:32:57.168Z",
    "UpTimeSeconds": 340,
    "UpTimeDescription": "0 days 0 hours 5 minutes 40 seconds",
    "Version": "5.0 20180820-0334",
    "ErrorCode": 0,
    "ErrorMessage": ""
  },
  "Container": {
    "UUID":""
  },
  "HighAvailability": {
    <b>"Status": "Active",</b>
    "Enabled": false,
    "Group": "TestGroup1",
    <b>"NewRole": "STANDBY",</b>
    "OldRole": "UNSYNC",
    "ActiveNodes": 2,
    "SyncNodes": 2,
    "PrimaryLastTime": "",
    "PctSyncCompletion": -1,
    "ReasonCode": 0,
    "RemoteServerName":"https://10.10.10.10:9087"
  },
  "Cluster": {
    "Status": "Inactive",
    "Enabled": false
  },
  "Plugin": {
    "Status": "Inactive",
    "Enabled": false
  },
  "MQConnectivity": {
    "Status": "Inactive",
    "Enabled": false
  },
  "SNMP": {
    "Status": "Inactive",
    "Enabled": false
  }
}
</codeblock></info>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Disable HA on the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> version <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ver_current"/> server to force the server to start in
maintenance mode so that the configuration can be checked.</cmd>
<info>Use the REST API POST method to disable HA. For
example:<codeblock>curl -X POST http://10.78.54.140:9089/ima/v1/configuration -d '{ "HighAvailability": {
"EnableHA": false, "StartupMode":  "AutoDetect", "LocalDiscoveryNIC":"10.78.54.140",
"RemoteDiscoveryNIC":"10.78.54.137",  "LocalReplicationNIC":"10.77.207.15",
"Group":"TestGroup1" }}'</codeblock></info>
<stepresult>The server restarts automatically in maintenance mode.</stepresult>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Review and update the migrated configuration. </cmd>
<info>In particular, review and fix:<ul>
<li>Endpoint configuration, particularly if your endpoints were listening on specific interfaces. If
such explicit interfaces are different, the upgrade process cannot update the configuration to the
new values. </li>
<li>Existing LDAP configuration which might need to be changed.</li>
<li>Other configuration items that might need to be amended for the new environment.</li>
</ul></info>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Restart the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> version <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ver_current"/> server so that it starts in production
mode.</cmd>
<info>For
example:<codeblock>curl -X POST http://10.78.54.140:9089/ima/v1/service/restart -d '{ "Service":"Server" }'</codeblock></info>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Check the status of the server to verify the success of the upgrade process by using the REST API GET method.</cmd>
<info>For example:<codeblock>curl -X GET http://10.78.54.140:9089/ima/v1/service/status</codeblock></info>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Check the response from the REST API GET method to ensure that the server <parmname>Status</parmname> field is set to <codeph>Running</codeph>, the <parmname>StateDescription</parmname> field is <codeph>Running (production)</codeph>, the HA <parmname>Status</parmname> field is set to <codeph>Inactive</codeph>, and the HA <parmname>Enabled</parmname> field is set to <codeph>false</codeph>.</cmd>
<info>For
example:<codeblock>
{
  "Version":"v1",
  "Server": {
    "Name": "mar078:9089",
    "UID": "AKOkJc1Z",
    <b>"Status": "Running",</b>
    "State": 1,
    <b>"StateDescription": "Running (production)",</b>
    "ServerTime": "2018-08-22T21:05:59.667Z",
    "UpTimeSeconds": 5569,
    "UpTimeDescription": "0 days 1 hours 32 minutes 49 seconds",
    "Version": "5.0 20180820-0334",
    "ErrorCode": 0,
    "ErrorMessage": ""
  },
  "Container": {
    "UUID":""
  },
  "HighAvailability": {
    <b>"Status": "Inactive",</b>
    <b>"Enabled": false</b>
  },
  "Cluster": {
    "Status": "Inactive",
    "Enabled": false
  },
  "Plugin": {
    "Status": "Inactive",
    "Enabled": false
  },
  "MQConnectivity": {
    "Status": "Inactive",
    "Enabled": false
  },
  "SNMP": {
    "Status": "Inactive",
    "Enabled": false
  }
}
</codeblock></info>
</step>
</steps>
<postreq>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> version <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ver_current"/> server is ready for messaging traffic. You
can now switch messaging traffic from <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM_prev_prev"/>
version 1.2 to the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> version <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ver_current"/> environment.</postreq>
</taskbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita" href="up00016_.dita" scope="local" type="concept"/>
<link format="dita" href="up00017_.dita" scope="local" type="task"/>
<link format="dita" href="up00019_.dita" scope="local" type="task"/>
</related-links>
</task><?tm 1471516013428 18 IBM ?>
