<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="up00019_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Upgrading to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> version <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ver_current"/>: taking a backup of the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM_prev_prev"/> version 1.2 configuration and store</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>Before you migrate the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM_prev_prev"/> version
1.2 configuration file and store to a running
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMappliance"/> version <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ver_current"/> server, it is best practice to take a
backup of the production server store and copy it to a test environment to test the upgrade
process.</shortdesc>
<!--To optimize PDF retrievability, add prolog and indexing tags that help crystalize why users should be looking up this topic (purpose, task, and what they will learn)-->
<!--<prolog><metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata></prolog>-->
<taskbody>
<prereq>
<ul>
<li>You must have an <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM_prev_prev"/> version 1.2  server that is not in production for
restoring the backup and testing the upgrade process. Do not use a production system to test the
upgrade process.</li>
<li>You must be prepared for a server outage and restart of your <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM_prev_prev"/> version 1.2  server.</li>
</ul>
</prereq>
<steps>
<step>
<cmd>Put your <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM_prev_prev"/> version 1.2  server into maintenance mode by issuing the
following commands:</cmd>
<info>
<codeblock>imaserver runmode maintenance
imaserver stop
imaserver start</codeblock>
</info>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Back up the store by using the <cmdname>imaserver backup</cmdname> command.</cmd>
<info>For example:<codeblock>imaserver backup "Password=backup_password"
"StoreDestinationURL=scp://10.10.0.2:/data/backup/store_backup_201605091530"
"StoreDestinationUserID=root" 'StoreDestinationPassword=mypassword'</codeblock>For more information about using the <cmdname>imaserver backup</cmdname> command, see <xref href="http://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSCGGQ_1.2.0/com.ibm.ism.doc/Reference/BackupCmd/cmd_imaserver_backup.html" scope="external" format="html">imaserver backup command</xref>.</info>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Put your <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM_prev_prev"/> version 1.2 server into production mode by issuing the
following commands:</cmd>
<info>
<codeblock>imaserver runmode production
imaserver stop
imaserver start</codeblock>
</info>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Use the <cmdname>file put</cmdname> command to copy the backup file that was created by the <cmdname>imaserver backup</cmdname> to the same server that was used for the store backup. </cmd>
<info>For example:<codeblock>file put imaBackup.153121-05092016 scp://root@10.10.0.2:/data/backup</codeblock>For more information about using the <cmdname>file put</cmdname> command, see <xref href="http://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSCGGQ_1.2.0/com.ibm.ism.doc/Reference/CommonCmd/fun_fileput.html" scope="external" format="html">file put command</xref>.</info>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Use the <cmdname>file get</cmdname> command to copy the backup file to the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM_prev_prev"/> version 1.2 server that is to be used for testing the
backup and upgrade process. </cmd>
<info>For
example:<codeblock>file get scp://root@10.10.0.2:/data/backup/imaBackup.153121-05092016 imaBackup.153121-05092016</codeblock>For
more information about using the <cmdname>file get</cmdname> command, see <xref
href="http://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSCGGQ_1.2.0/com.ibm.ism.doc/Reference/CommonCmd/fun_fileget.html"
scope="external" format="html">file get command</xref>.</info>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Put your <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM_prev_prev"/> version 1.2 test server into maintenance mode by issuing
the following commands:</cmd>
<info>
<codeblock>imaserver runmode maintenance
imaserver stop
imaserver start</codeblock>
</info>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Restore the store backup file and configuration backup file on the test server by using the <cmdname>imaserver restore</cmdname> command.</cmd>
<info>For example:<codeblock>imaserver restore "Name=imaBackup.153121-05092016"  "Password=backup_password"
"Appliance=False"  "StoreSourceURL=scp://10.10.0.2:/data/backup/store_backup_20160509"
"StoreSourceUserID=root" "StoreSourcePassword=mypassword"</codeblock>For more information about using the <cmdname>imaserver restore</cmdname> command, see <xref href="http://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSCGGQ_1.2.0/com.ibm.ism.doc/Reference/BackupCmd/cmd_imaserver_restore.html" scope="external" format="html">imaserver backup command</xref></info>
</step>
</steps>
<postreq>The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM_prev_prev"/> version 1.2 test server is ready to use to test the
upgrade process. Follow the instructions in <xref href="up00018_.dita"/>.</postreq>
</taskbody>
</task><?tm 1471518230350 9 IBM ?>
