<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="up00009_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Rolling back to version 1.1.0.1 after upgrade to version 1.2
on a single appliance</title>
<shortdesc>If after upgrade to version 1.2, a rollback to version
1.1.0.1 is required, system administrators can perform the rollback
by using supported methods.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq><ul>
<li>The rollback process includes a <cmdname>firmware pristine-install</cmdname> step.
For upgrades to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> version
1.2, the <cmdname>firmware rollback</cmdname> operation is not permitted.
The <cmdname>firmware pristine-install</cmdname> process deletes store
data and server configuration data, including network setup data.</li>
<li>After a <cmdname>firmware pristine-install</cmdname> restart,
the management interface is offline; use the server console or IMM
interface to perform the rollback operation.</li>
<li>Contact IBM Support if you have questions about this rollback
procedure.</li>
<li>During the rollback process, <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> services are
unavailable; ensure that incoming messaging requests and administration
requests are offline.</li>
<li>Ensure that the version 1.1.0.1 firmware image is available and
downloaded.</li>
<li>If a backup of the appliance configuration was made before the
upgrade operation, ensure that the backup data is available for the
restore operation.</li>
<li>If the store was backed up before the upgrade operation by using
the store backup facility, ensure that interim fix 1.1.0.1-IBM-IMA-IFIT05459
is available and downloaded.</li>
</ul></prereq>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Check the status of the server by entering the following
command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>imaserver status</codeph></p></info>
</step>
<step><cmd>If the server is stopped, upload the firmware image. Otherwise,
stop the server and then check the status of the server by using the
following commands:</cmd><info><codeblock>imaserver stop
status imaserver</codeblock></info></step>
<step><cmd>Use the <cmdname>file get</cmdname> command to transfer
the version 1.1.0.1 firmware image file to the appliance:</cmd><info><p><codeph>file
get <varname>fileURL</varname> <varname>image_filename</varname></codeph></p>Where:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt><varname>fileURL</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the firmware image location of version 1.1.0.1, or interim
fix 1.1.0.1-IBM-IMA-IFIT05459 if you are restoring store data.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>image_filename</varname></dt>
<dd>Firmware image to be installed, in the form of an scrypt2 file.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></info></step>
<step><cmd>Downgrade the server to version 1.1.0.1 by using the following
command:</cmd><info><codeblock>firmware pristine-install <varname>image_filename</varname></codeblock>Where:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt><varname>image_filename</varname></dt>
<dd>Firmware image to be installed, in the form of an scrypt2 file.</dd>
</dlentry></dl><?Pub Caret -2?><note>All configuration and store data
is deleted by this step.</note></info></step>
<step><cmd>Allow the downgrade operation to complete; this process
can take up to 20 minutes.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>After the server is again operational, follow the steps
in the Setup wizard to configure the management interface, restart
the browser, and accept the version 1.1.0.1 license. For more information,
see the <xref
href="http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSCGGQ_1.1.0/com.ibm.ism.doc/QuickStartGuide/qs00000_.html"
scope="external">quick start guide</xref> in the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> version 1.1 documentation.
If you are planning to restore the appliance by using a backup file,
perform steps 3 through 6 described in the quick start guide. If you
do not have a backup file, perform steps 3 through 9 described in
the quick start guide.</cmd><info><note>After the license is accepted,
the server starts in production mode.</note></info></step>
<step><cmd>Confirm the state of the server by using the following
command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>status imaserver</codeph></p></info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Confirm the version of the server by using the following
command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>show imaserver</codeph></p></info></step>
<step><cmd>If backup data is available for your server, restore it:</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>If a standard backup of the version 1.1.0.1 server was
created before the upgrade to version 1.2, follow the standard restore
steps in <xref href="up00010_.dita" scope="local" type="task"></xref>.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>If a backup of the version 1.1.0.1 store on the server
was created before the upgrade to version 1.2 by using the interim
fix 1.1.0.1-IBM-IMA-IFIT05459, follow the restore steps in <xref
href="up00010_.dita" scope="local" type="task"></xref> and ensure
that you use the store parameters.</cmd></substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step><cmd>If you did not create a backup of the server before the
upgrade to version 1.2, you must configure your server manually according
to your requirements.</cmd></step>
</steps>
<result>The server is operating at version 1.1.0.1 and backup data
has been restored; incoming messaging requests and administration
requests are now allowed.</result>
<example>The following example shows the rollback of a version 1.2 single appliance to version 1.1.0.1:<p>Check the status of the server and, if necessary, stop it:<screen><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"/> imaserver status
Status = Running (production)
ServerUpTime = 0 days 0 hours 2 minutes 56 seconds 

<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"/> imaserver stop
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is stopping.
Check the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server status using "status imaserver" command.

</screen></p><p>Retrieve and place the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"
/> version 1.1.0.1 image file on the server:</p><screen><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"/> file get scp://admin@example.com:/home/IMA1101-20141023-0921.scrypt2 .
IMA1101-20141023-0921.scrypt2           100%  511MB  11.1MB/s   00:46
Wrote 535634303 bytes to local storage
</screen><p>Downgrade the appliance by using the <cmdname>firmware pristine-install</cmdname> command:</p><screen><ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"/> firmware pristine-install IMA1101-20141023-0921.scrypt2
Upgrading firmware...
CWZBR00061I: Verifying image signature and decrypting content...
CWZBR00065I: Extracting firmware from image...
CWZBR00062I: Executing dynamic loader...
CWZBR00061I: Verifying image signature and decrypting content...
CWZBR00064I: Validating image type...
CWZBR00065I: Extracting firmware from image...
CWZBR00066I: Extracting firmware manifest and checking licenses...
CWZBR00067I: Executing pre-installation...
CWZBR00068I: Deleting previous installation...
CWZBR00069I: Linking common files...
CWZBR00070I: Extracting files...
CWZBR00071I: Verifying installation...
CWZBR00072I: Copying configuration from existing installation...
CWZBR00075I: Starting component firmware upgrade. This may take a considerable amount of time (in some cases more than 2 hours). 
*** DO NOT POWER OFF OR REBOOT.***...
CWZBR00073I: Switching to new installation...
Upgrade or rollback succeeded. Rebooting...
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/commandprompt"/>
 </screen><p>Complete the Setup wizard to configure the management interface and accept the version 1.1.0.1 license:</p><screen>Welcome to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
5725-F96
Copyright 2012, 2014 IBM Corp. Licensed Materials - Property of IBM.
IBM and <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/MessageSight"/> are trademarks or registered trademarks of IBM, registered in many jurisdictions worldwide.  
Other product and service names might be trademarks of IBM or other companies.


    Welcome to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/>
            Initial set-up wizard.

Which interface would you like to configure (default is mgt0):
Entering "ip" mode
Use DHCP for the MGMT Ethernet port (yes/no; default no):
Enter the IP Address for the MGMT Ethernet port in classless inter-domain routing (CIDR) format, 
e.g. 9.42.102.161/24: 10.11.120.12/24
Enter the Default Gateway for the MGMT Ethernet port, e.g. 9.42.102.1: 10.11.120.1
Entering "ipv4-default-gateway" mode
Ready to set IPAddress=10.11.120.12/24 DefaultGateway=10.11.120.1
. Press Enter to continue:
Locale is en_US. Charset is UTF-8.

<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> will not be fully functional,
unless you accept <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> license from
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/>.

The URL to connect to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"/> is:
https:// 10.11.120.16:9087/
Console></screen></example>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000008879?>
