<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="up00012_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Restoring the version 1.1.0.1 HA environment</title>
<shortdesc>If it is necessary to roll back the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> high availability
(HA) environment to version 1.1.0.1 after an upgrade to version 1.2,
system administrators can restore the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> data during the
rollback operation. If store data was backed up and you need to restore
the store data, ensure that interim fix  1.1.0.1-IBM-IMA-IFIT05459
is available and downloaded.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq><ul>
<li>Ensure that the backup file that you created in the procedure
that is described in <xref href="up00004_.dita"></xref> is available
to the primary appliance in the HA pair.</li>
<li>User IDs that existed at the time of the backup operation are
restored during the restore operation. It is good practice to review
restored user IDs. User IDs that are created after the backup operation
must be re-created during the restore operation.</li>
<li>MQTT quality of service levels of message delivery cannot be guaranteed.</li>
<li>If you restore the store from a backed up version, consider that:<ul>
<li>All messages that were buffered in the store after the store was
backed up are lost. </li>
<li>Retained messages that were sent after the store was backed up
are lost.</li>
<li>Messages that were in store buffers when the store was backed
up, and that were sent later and discarded from the store, are restored
and resent when subscribers reconnect. They are not marked as duplicate
messages for JMS and MQTT.</li>
<li>Retained messages that were replaced after the store was backed
up are restored. The messages that replaced the retained messages
are lost.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>The restore operation takes approximately the same amount of time
as the backup operation.</li>
<li>The commands must be capitalized as shown, and must use the double
quotation marks as shown.</li>
<li>The primary and standby appliances are in maintenance mode for
this procedure. You must make appropriate plans for your operation
because messaging services are not available during the restore procedure.</li>
<li>Decide which appliance is to be the primary appliance after the
restore procedure.</li>
</ul></prereq>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Check that the standby appliance is running by entering
the following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>status imaserver</codeph></p></info>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>If the standby appliance is stopped, start the standby
appliance by entering the following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>imaserver
start</codeph></p></info></substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step><cmd>Set the standby appliance to maintenance mode by entering
the following commands:</cmd><info><p><codeblock>imaserver runmode maintenance
imaserver stop
imaserver start</codeblock></p></info></step>
<step><cmd>Check that the primary appliance is running by entering
the following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>status imaserver </codeph></p></info>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>If the primary appliance is stopped, start the primary
appliance by entering the following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>imaserver
start</codeph></p></info></substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step><cmd>Set the primary appliance to maintenance mode by entering
the following commands:</cmd><info><p><codeblock>imaserver runmode maintenance
imaserver stop
imaserver start</codeblock></p><note>Both appliances are now in maintenance
mode.</note></info></step>
<step><cmd>On the primary appliance, retrieve the standby backup file
that you created in the procedure that is described in <xref
href="up00004_.dita"></xref> from its location by entering the following
command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>file get <varname>fileURL</varname> <varname>filename</varname></codeph></p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>fileURL</dt>
<dd>Specifies the location of the file in the following format: <codeph>scp://<varname>username</varname>@<varname>hostname</varname>:/<varname>filepath</varname></codeph></dd>
<dd>For example, <codeph>scp://admin@example.com:/backups/imaBackup.160148-02272013</codeph></dd>
<dd>You cannot specify the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> IP address as
the SCP host name.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>filename</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name to use for the backup file when it is uploaded
to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.</dd>
<dd>The name cannot include any path elements.</dd>
<dd>You can use a period (.) to specify that the name of the file
when it is uploaded to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> is
the same name as the file on the remote server.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></info></step>
<step><cmd>Restore the data, including the appliance configuration
information, and, optionally, the store data, on the primary appliance
by entering the following command:</cmd><info><p> <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>restore
"Name=</cmdname><varname>backup_filename</varname> <cmdname>"</cmdname><cmdname> "Password=</cmdname><varname>backup_password</varname><cmdname>"</cmdname><cmdname> "Appliance=True"</cmdname><cmdname> [
"StoreSourceURL=</cmdname><varname>url</varname><cmdname>" ]</cmdname><cmdname> [
"StoreSourceUserID=</cmdname><varname>userid</varname><cmdname>" ]</cmdname><cmdname> [
"StoreSourcePassword=</cmdname><varname>storesourcePassword</varname><cmdname>"
]</cmdname></p>Where:<dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>backup_filename</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the compressed file that holds the backup
data.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>backup_password</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the password that you assigned to the compressed file
that contains the backup data.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>url</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the optional remote location of the store backup file.<p>The
URL has the following format:<codeblock>protocol://ipAddress:/filepath/filename</codeblock></p><p>where</p><p><ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>protocol</dt>
<dd>scp or ftp</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>ipAddress</dt>
<dd>Remote IP address or host name of the remote location of the store
backup file.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>filepath</dt>
<dd>Path for the remote file. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>filename</dt>
<dd>Name of the remote file. You must include the file name.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></p> </dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>userid</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the user ID with which to access the remote location
of the store backup file.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>storesourcePassword</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the password with which to access the remote location
of the store backup file.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></info></step>
<step><cmd importance="optional">Unless you are using a backup of
the store, clean the store to ensure that the store contents are not
out of sync by entering the following commands.</cmd><info>Do not
perform this step if you are restoring the store data.<p><codeph>imaserver
runmode clean_store</codeph></p><p><codeph>imaserver stop</codeph></p><p><codeph>imaserver
start</codeph></p></info></step>
<step><cmd>Restart the restored primary appliance to complete the
appliance configuration updates by entering the following command:</cmd>
<info><p><codeph>device restart</codeph></p></info></step>
<step><cmd>After the restart operation on the primary appliance is
complete, verify that all network settings are correct. </cmd><info>If
you have specified <codeph>"Appliance=False"</codeph> and a backup
file from another appliance, verify endpoints and <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> IP addresses.
Check the restored endpoints to ensure that the Ethernet interface
value matches the interface that is configured on the system:<ol>
<li>Automatically configure the endpoints by entering the following
command:<codeblock>imaserver set FixEndpointInterface=1</codeblock></li>
<li>Stop and start the server by entering the following commands:<codeblock>imaserver stop

imaserver start</codeblock></li>
<li>For each endpoint, verify the endpoint configuration by entering
the following command:<codeblock>imaserver show Endpoint "Name=epointName"</codeblock> where:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>epointName</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the endpoint that you want to verify the
configuration of.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li>Turn off the automatic endpoint configuration by entering the
following command:<codeblock>imaserver set FixEndpointInterface=0</codeblock></li>
</ol><p>Check the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> IP
addresses by using the <xref
href="../Reference/WebUICmd/GUIcommands.dita">GUI setting commands</xref>.</p></info>
</step>
<step id="configdata"><cmd importance="optional">For rollback procedures,
this step is required. If the network configuration for the standby
appliance is required, restore only the configuration data; do not
use the option to restore the store.</cmd><info><codeblock>imaserver restore "Name=backup_filename" "Password=backup_password" "Appliance=True"</codeblock></info>
</step>
<step><cmd>11.	Clean the store on the designated standby appliance
by entering the following commands: </cmd><info><codeblock>imaserver runmode clean_store
imaserver stop
imaserver start</codeblock></info></step>
<step><cmd importance="optional">For rollback procedures, this step
is required. A restore of the designated standby appliance at step <xref
format="dita" href="up00012_.dita#up00012_/configdata" scope="local"
type="step"></xref> requires a restart to complete the appliance configuration
updates. Enter the following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>device
restart</codeph></p></info></step>
<step><cmd>After the <cmdname>clean store</cmdname> or <cmdname>device
restart</cmdname> completes, both appliances can be brought back into
production mode. You must restart the restored primary appliance first
to ensure that the restored configuration and optionally restored
store data are applied. Set the primary appliance to production mode
by entering the following commands:</cmd><info><p><codeph>imaserver
runmode production</codeph></p><p><codeph>imaserver stop</codeph></p><p><codeph>imaserver
start</codeph></p><note>You must restart the restored primary appliance
first to ensure that the restored configuration and restored store
data, if you have backed it up, are applied.</note></info></step>
<step><cmd>Restart the designated standby appliance and resynchronize
it with the new primary appliance by entering the following commands:</cmd>
<info><p><codeph>imaserver runmode production</codeph></p><p><codeph>imaserver
stop</codeph></p><p><codeph>imaserver start</codeph></p></info></step>
</steps>
<result>The backed up <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> data
is restored, and both appliances are operational; incoming messaging
requests and administration requests can be resumed.</result>
<example>The following example shows restoring a version 1.1.0.1 backup file with the password <codeph>adminback0213</codeph> for an HA environment. The example also shows restoring a backup of the store.<p>Set the current standby appliance to maintenance mode:<screen>Console> status imaserver
Status = Standby
ServerUpTime = 0 days 0 hours 31 minutes 47 seconds
HARole = STANDBY

Console> imaserver runmode maintenance
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is currently in "production" mode.
When it is restarted, it will be in "maintenance" mode.

Console> imaserver stop
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is stopping.
Check the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server status using "status imaserver" command.

Console> imaserver start
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is starting.
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is in "maintenance" mode.

Console> imaserver status
Status = Running (maintenance)
ServerUpTime = 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 14 seconds</screen></p><p>Set the current primary appliance to maintenance mode:<screen>Console> status imaserver
Status = Running (production)
ServerUpTime = 0 days 0 hours 33 minutes 23 seconds
HARole = PRIMARY

Console> imaserver runmode maintenance
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is currently in "production" mode.
When it is restarted, it will be in "maintenance" mode.

Console> imaserver stop
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is stopping.
Check the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server status using "status imaserver" command.

Console> imaserver start
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is starting.
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is in "maintenance" mode.

Console> status imaserver
Status = Running (maintenance)
ServerUpTime = 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 14 seconds
</screen></p><p>On the designated primary appliance, locate and upload the backup file: <screen>Console> file get scp://admin@example.com:/backups/imaBackup.160148-
02272013 .
imaBackup.160148-02272013                   100% 2016KB   2.0MB/s   00:00
Wrote 2016477 bytes to local storage

Console> file list
imaBackup.160148-02272013 100363 bytes created Feb 27, 2014 4:01:50 PM
</screen></p><p>Restore from the backup file and restore the store data:<screen>Console> imaserver restore Name=imaBackup.190323-10222014 "Password=adminback0213" Appliance=True 
"StoreSourceURL=scp://example.com:/home/store_backup.gz" "StoreSourceUserID=admin" 
"StoreSourcePassword=password"
The store processing step will take more than 2 minutes.
The store has been transferred successfully.
The store is being restored from file.
The store has been restored successfully.
The store dump file scp://example.com:/home/store_backup.gz has been restored successfully.
Successfully restored <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> configuration using imaBackup.190323-10222014.
Check all restored endpoints to ensure that the Interface value
matches the configured interface on the system.
Console></screen></p><p>Optional step. Clean the store of the designated primary appliance if you are restoring only the configuration data of the primary appliance. Do not perform this step if you are restoring store data.<screen>Console> imaserver runmode clean_store
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is currently in "maintenance" mode with 
"clean_store" action pending.
When it is restarted, it will be in "maintenance" mode.

Console> imaserver stop
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is stopping.
Check the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server status using "status imaserver" command.

Console> imaserver start
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is starting.</screen></p><p>Restart the restored primary appliance:</p><screen>Console> device restart
Ok
Console></screen><note>Wait until the primary appliance restarts before you perform any further steps on it.</note><p>Optional step. During rollback procedures, restore configuration data on the designated standby server after the <cmdname>firmware pristine-install</cmdname> process is complete: </p><?Pub Caret 14?><screen>Console> file get scp://admin@example.com:/home/server1.bak .
server.bak                                   100%  176KB 176.1KB/s   00:00
Wrote 180310 bytes to local storage

Console> imaserver restore Name=server1.bak Password=admin Appliance=True
Successfully restored <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> configuration using server1.bak.
Run "imaserver runmode clean_store" followed by "device restart" to complete the restore process.
Console></screen><p>Clean the store on the designated standby appliance:</p><screen>Console> imaserver runmode clean_store
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is currently in "maintenance" mode with 
"clean_store" action pending.
When it is restarted, it will be in "maintenance" mode.

Console> imaserver stop
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is stopping.
Check the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server status using "status imaserver" command.

Console> imaserver start
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is starting.
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is in "maintenance" mode.</screen><p>Set the restored primary appliance to production mode:</p><screen>Console> imaserver runmode production
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is currently in "maintenance" mode.
When it is restarted, it will be in "production" mode.

Console> imaserver stop
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is stopping.
Check the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server status using "status imaserver" command.

Console> imaserver start
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is starting.
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is in "production" mode.</screen><p>Set the standby appliance to production mode:</p><screen>Console> imaserver runmode prodcution
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is currently in "maintenance" mode.
When it is restarted, it will be in "production" mode.

Console> imaserver stop
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is stopping.
Check the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server status using "status imaserver" command.

Console> imaserver start
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is starting.
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is in "production" mode.

 </screen></example>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000017094?>
