<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="up00010_" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Restoring the version 1.1.0.1 environment on a single appliance</title>
<shortdesc>If it is necessary to roll back <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> appliance to
version 1.1.0.1 after an upgrade to version 1.2, system administrators
can restore the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> data
during the rollback operation. If store data was backed up and you
need to restore the store data, ensure that interim fix  1.1.0.1-IBM-IMA-IFIT05459
is available and downloaded.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq><ul>
<li>Stop all incoming messaging requests and administration requests.</li>
<li>Ensure that the backup of the appliance configuration data is
available for the restore operation.</li>
<li>User IDs that existed at the time of the backup operation are
restored during the restore operation. It is good practice to review
restored user IDs. User IDs that are created after the backup operation
must be re-created during the restore operation.</li>
<li>MQTT quality of service levels of message delivery cannot be guaranteed.</li>
<li>If you restore the store from a backed up version, consider that:<ul>
<li>All messages that were buffered in the store after the store was
backed up are lost. </li>
<li>Retained messages that were sent after the store was backed up
are lost.</li>
<li>Messages that were in store buffers when the store was backed
up, and that were sent later and discarded from the store, are restored
and resent when subscribers reconnect. They are not marked as duplicate
messages for JMS and MQTT.</li>
<li>Retained messages that were replaced after the store was backed
up are restored. The messages that replaced the retained messages
are lost.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>The restore operation takes approximately the same amount of time
as the backup operation.</li>
</ul></prereq>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Check that the server is running by entering the following
command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>status imaserver </codeph></p></info>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>If the server is stopped, start the server by entering
the following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>imaserver start</codeph></p></info>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step><cmd>Set the server to maintenance mode by entering the following
commands:</cmd><info><p><codeblock>imaserver runmode maintenance
imaserver stop
imaserver start</codeblock></p></info></step>
<step><cmd>Retrieve the backup file from another system by entering
the following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>file get <varname>fileURL</varname> <varname>filename</varname></codeph></p>Where:<ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>fileURL</dt>
<dd>Specifies the location of the file in the following format: <codeph>scp://<varname>username</varname>@<varname>hostname</varname>:/<varname>filepath</varname></codeph></dd>
<dd>For example, <codeph>scp://admin@example.com:/backups/imaBackup.160148-02272013</codeph></dd>
<dd>You cannot specify the <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> IP address as
the SCP host name.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>filename</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name to use for the backup file when it is uploaded
to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph>.</dd>
<dd>The name cannot include any path elements.</dd>
<dd>You can use a period (.) to specify that the name of the file
when it is uploaded to <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> is
the same name as the file on the remote server.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></info></step>
<step><cmd importance="optional">List the files on the appliance by
entering the following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>file list</codeph></p></info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Restore the data, including the appliance configuration
information, and, optionally, the store data, by entering the following
command:</cmd><info><p> <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/imaservercmd"></ph> <cmdname>restore
"Name=</cmdname><varname>backup_filename</varname> <cmdname>"</cmdname><cmdname> "Password=</cmdname><varname>backup_password</varname><cmdname>"</cmdname><cmdname> "Appliance=True"</cmdname><cmdname> [
"StoreSourceURL=</cmdname><varname>url</varname><cmdname>" ]</cmdname><cmdname> [
"StoreSourceUserID=</cmdname><varname>userid</varname><cmdname>" ]</cmdname><cmdname> [
"StoreSourcePassword=</cmdname><varname>storesourcePassword</varname><cmdname>"
]</cmdname></p>Where:<dl><dlentry>
<dt><varname>backup_filename</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the compressed file that holds the backup
data.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>backup_password</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the password that you assigned to the compressed file
that contains the backup data.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>url</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the remote location of the store backup file.<p>The
URL has the following format:<codeblock>protocol://ipAddress:/filepath/filename</codeblock></p><p>where</p><p><ul>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>protocol</dt>
<dd>scp or ftp</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>ipAddress</dt>
<dd>Remote IP address or host name of the remote location of the store
backup file.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>filepath</dt>
<dd>Path for the remote file. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li><dl><dlentry>
<dt>filename</dt>
<dd>Name of the remote file. You must include the file name.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
</ul></p> </dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>userid</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the user ID with which to access the remote location
of the store backup file.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><varname>storesourcePassword</varname></dt>
<dd>Specifies the password with which to access the remote location
of the store backup file.</dd>
</dlentry></dl><?Pub Caret -3?></info></step>
<step><cmd>Unless you are using a backup of the store, clean the store
to ensure that the store contents are not out of sync by entering
the following commands.</cmd><info>Do not perform this step if you
are restoring the store data:<p><codeph>imaserver runmode clean_store</codeph></p><p><codeph>imaserver
stop</codeph></p><p><codeph>imaserver start</codeph></p></info></step>
<step><cmd>Restart the appliance to complete the appliance configuration
updates by entering the following command:</cmd><info><p><codeph>device
restart</codeph></p></info></step>
<step><cmd>After the restart operation is complete, verify that all
network settings are correct.</cmd><info>If you are specifying <codeph>"Appliance=False"</codeph> and
using a backup file from another appliance, verify the endpoints and <ph
conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> IP addresses.
Check the restored endpoints to ensure that the Ethernet interface
value matches the interface that is configured on the system:<ol>
<li>Automatically configure the endpoints by entering the following
command:<codeblock>imaserver set FixEndpointInterface=1</codeblock></li>
<li>Stop and start the server by entering the following commands:<codeblock>imaserver stop

imaserver start</codeblock></li>
<li>For each endpoint, verify the endpoint configuration by entering
the following command:<codeblock>imaserver show Endpoint "Name=epointName"</codeblock> where:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>epointName</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the endpoint that you want to verify the
configuration of.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></li>
<li>Turn off the automatic endpoint configuration by entering the
following command:<codeblock>imaserver set FixEndpointInterface=0</codeblock></li>
</ol><p>Check the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISMgui"></ph> IP
addresses by using the <xref
href="../Reference/WebUICmd/GUIcommands.dita">GUI setting commands</xref>.</p></info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Set the server to production mode by entering the following
commands:</cmd><info><p><codeph>imaserver runmode production</codeph></p><p><codeph>imaserver
stop</codeph></p><p><codeph>imaserver start</codeph></p></info></step>
</steps>
<result>The backed up <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"></ph> data
is restored.</result>
<example>The following example shows restoring a version 1.1.0.1 backup
file with the password <codeph>adminback0213</codeph>. The example
also shows restoring a backup of the store; if you need to restore
the store, ensure that you apply interim fix 1.1.0.1-IBM-IMA-IFIT05459:<p>Set the server to maintenance mode:<screen>Console> status imaserver
Status = Running (production)
ServerUpTime = 0 days 0 hours 0 minutes 8 seconds 
Console> imaserver runmode maintenance
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is currently in "production" mode.
When it is restarted, it will be in "maintenance" mode.

Console> imaserver stop
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is stopping.
Check the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server status using "status imaserver" command.

Console> imaserver start
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is starting.
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is in "maintenance" mode.

</screen></p><p>Locate the backup file and restore it and the backed
up store:<screen>Console> file list
ImaBackup.110842-04242013 154485 bytes created Apr 24, 2013 11:08:49 AM

Console> imaserver restore "Name=ImaBackup.110842-04242013" "Password=adminback0213" "Appliance=True" "StoreSourceURL=scp://example.com:/home/store_
backup.gz" "StoreSourceUserID=admin" "StoreSourcePassword=password"
The store processing step will take more than 2 minutes.
Store has been transferred successfully.
Restoring store from file.
Store has been restored successfully.
Store dump file scp://example.com:/home/store_backup.gz has been restored successfully.

</screen></p><p>Clean the store only if you are restoring from the backup file without restoring the store data. Do not perform this step if you are restoring the store.<screen>Console> imaserver runmode clean_store
<ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> "runmode" is set to "maintenance".
For it to take effect, you must restart the server process
using "stop" and "start" options of "imaserver" command.

Console> imaserver stop
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is stopping.
Check the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server status using "status imaserver" command.

Console> imaserver start
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is starting.
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is in "maintenance" mode.

</screen></p><p>Restart the appliance:<screen>Console> device restart
Ok
Console></screen></p><p>Set the restored appliance to production mode:<screen>Console> imaserver runmode production
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is currently in "maintenance" mode.
When it is restarted, it will be in "production" mode.

Console> imaserver stop
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is stopping.
Check the <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server status using "status imaserver" command.

Console> imaserver start
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> server is starting.
The <ph conref="../TextEntities.dita#TextEntities/ISM"/> is in "production" mode.

</screen></p></example>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000011040?>
